!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.7	//
BACKGROUND_ALPHA	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int BACKGROUND_ALPHA = 16384;$/;"	f	line:162	interface:GLConstants
CG_CONTEXT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int CG_CONTEXT = 6;$/;"	f	line:174	interface:GLConstants
CG_EFFECT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int CG_EFFECT = 8;$/;"	f	line:176	interface:GLConstants
CG_PROGRAM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int CG_PROGRAM = 7;$/;"	f	line:175	interface:GLConstants
COLOR	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int COLOR = 2;$/;"	f	line:52	interface:GLConstants
DOUBLE	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int DOUBLE = 7;$/;"	f	line:62	interface:GLConstants
DYNAMIC	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public static final int DYNAMIC = 1;$/;"	f	line:121	class:GLModel
ExampleTaglet	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^public class ExampleTaglet implements Taglet {$/;"	c	line:59
FBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLFramebufferObject FBO;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
FBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static GLFramebufferObject FBO;$/;"	f	line:77	class:GLState
FLOAT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int FLOAT = 6;$/;"	f	line:57	interface:GLConstants
FRAGMENT_PROGRAM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int FRAGMENT_PROGRAM = 1;$/;"	f	line:155	interface:GLConstants
GEOMETRY_PROGRAM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GEOMETRY_PROGRAM = 2;$/;"	f	line:156	interface:GLConstants
GLCgFXEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public GLCgFXEffect(PApplet parent, String fn) {$/;"	m	line:51	class:GLCgFXEffect
GLCgFXEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^public class GLCgFXEffect implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:34
GLCgShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public GLCgShader(PApplet parent) {$/;"	m	line:59	class:GLCgShader
GLCgShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public GLCgShader(PApplet parent, String vertexFN, String fragmentFN) {$/;"	m	line:87	class:GLCgShader
GLCgShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public GLCgShader(PApplet parent, String vertexFN, String geometryFN, String fragmentFN) {$/;"	m	line:106	class:GLCgShader
GLCgShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^public class GLCgShader extends GLShader {$/;"	c	line:36
GLCgShaderParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  public GLCgShaderParameter(PApplet parent, GLShader shader, String name,$/;"	m	line:55	class:GLCgShaderParameter
GLCgShaderParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  public GLCgShaderParameter(PApplet parent, String name, String label, int type) {$/;"	m	line:40	class:GLCgShaderParameter
GLCgShaderParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^public class GLCgShaderParameter extends GLShaderVariable  {$/;"	c	line:27
GLConstants	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^public interface GLConstants {$/;"	i	line:26
GLFramebufferObject	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  GLFramebufferObject(GL gl) {$/;"	m	line:49	class:GLFramebufferObject
GLFramebufferObject	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  GLFramebufferObject(GL gl, boolean screenFBO) {$/;"	m	line:40	class:GLFramebufferObject
GLFramebufferObject	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^public class GLFramebufferObject implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:32
GLGRAPHICS	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  static final String GLGRAPHICS = "codeanticode.glgraphics.GLGraphics";$/;"	f	line:30	interface:GLConstants
GLGraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public GLGraphics() {$/;"	m	line:114	class:GLGraphics
GLGraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^public class GLGraphics extends PGraphicsOpenGL implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:34
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLGraphicsOffScreen(PApplet parent, int iwidth, int iheight) {$/;"	m	line:134	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLGraphicsOffScreen(PApplet parent, int iwidth, int iheight, boolean multi) {$/;"	m	line:154	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLGraphicsOffScreen(PApplet parent, int iwidth, int iheight,$/;"	m	line:174	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLGraphicsOffScreen(PApplet parent, int iwidth, int iheight,$/;"	m	line:193	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLGraphicsOffScreen(PApplet parent, int iwidth, int iheight,$/;"	m	line:215	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLGraphicsOffScreen(PApplet parent, int iwidth, int iheight,$/;"	m	line:238	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
GLGraphicsOffScreen	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^public class GLGraphicsOffScreen extends PGraphicsOpenGL implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:34
GLModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLModel(PApplet parent, ArrayList<PVector> vertArrayList, int mode, int usage) {$/;"	m	line:191	class:GLModel
GLModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLModel(PApplet parent, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:196	class:GLModel
GLModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLModel(PApplet parent, URL url) {$/;"	m	line:206	class:GLModel
GLModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLModel(PApplet parent, float[] vertArray, int mode, int usage) {$/;"	m	line:186	class:GLModel
GLModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLModel(PApplet parent, int numVert, int mode, int usage) {$/;"	m	line:141	class:GLModel
GLModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^public class GLModel implements PConstants, GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:51
GLModelEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public GLModelEffect() {$/;"	m	line:58	class:GLModelEffect
GLModelEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public GLModelEffect(PApplet parent, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:62	class:GLModelEffect
GLModelEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public GLModelEffect(PApplet parent, URL url) {$/;"	m	line:70	class:GLModelEffect
GLModelEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^public class GLModelEffect implements PConstants {$/;"	c	line:34
GLModelEffectParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectParameter.java	/^  public GLModelEffectParameter(PApplet parent, GLSLShader shader, String name,$/;"	m	line:54	class:GLModelEffectParameter
GLModelEffectParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectParameter.java	/^  public GLModelEffectParameter(PApplet parent, String name, String label,$/;"	m	line:38	class:GLModelEffectParameter
GLModelEffectParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectParameter.java	/^public class GLModelEffectParameter extends GLSLShaderUniform {$/;"	c	line:27
GLModelEffectVertexAttrib	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectVertexAttrib.java	/^  public GLModelEffectVertexAttrib(PApplet parent, GLSLShader shader,$/;"	m	line:53	class:GLModelEffectVertexAttrib
GLModelEffectVertexAttrib	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectVertexAttrib.java	/^  public GLModelEffectVertexAttrib(PApplet parent, String name, String label,$/;"	m	line:38	class:GLModelEffectVertexAttrib
GLModelEffectVertexAttrib	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectVertexAttrib.java	/^public class GLModelEffectVertexAttrib extends GLSLShaderAttribute {$/;"	c	line:28
GLRenderer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public GLRenderer() {$/;"	m	line:372	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
GLRenderer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected class GLRenderer implements GLEventListener {$/;"	c	line:365	class:GLTextureWindow
GLSLShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public GLSLShader(PApplet parent) {$/;"	m	line:46	class:GLSLShader
GLSLShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public GLSLShader(PApplet parent, String vertexFN, String fragmentFN) {$/;"	m	line:67	class:GLSLShader
GLSLShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public GLSLShader(PApplet parent, String vertexFN, String geometryFN, String fragmentFN) {$/;"	m	line:84	class:GLSLShader
GLSLShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^public class GLSLShader extends GLShader {$/;"	c	line:33
GLSLShaderAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public GLSLShaderAttribute(PApplet parent, GLShader shader, String name,$/;"	m	line:56	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
GLSLShaderAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public GLSLShaderAttribute(PApplet parent, String name, String label, int type) {$/;"	m	line:42	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
GLSLShaderAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^public class GLSLShaderAttribute extends GLShaderVariable {$/;"	c	line:30
GLSLShaderUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^  public GLSLShaderUniform(PApplet parent, GLShader shader, String name,$/;"	m	line:56	class:GLSLShaderUniform
GLSLShaderUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^  public GLSLShaderUniform(PApplet parent, String name, String label, int type, int len) {$/;"	m	line:41	class:GLSLShaderUniform
GLSLShaderUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^public class GLSLShaderUniform extends GLShaderVariable {$/;"	c	line:28
GLSLTextureFilterParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public GLSLTextureFilterParameter(PApplet parent, GLShader shader,$/;"	m	line:37	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
GLSLTextureFilterParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public GLSLTextureFilterParameter(PApplet parent, String name, String label,$/;"	m	line:31	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
GLSLTextureFilterParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^public class GLSLTextureFilterParameter extends GLTextureFilterParameter {$/;"	c	line:28
GLSL_PROGRAM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GLSL_PROGRAM = 4;$/;"	f	line:172	interface:GLConstants
GLSL_SHADER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GLSL_SHADER = 5;$/;"	f	line:173	interface:GLConstants
GLShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  GLShader(PApplet parent) {$/;"	m	line:35	class:GLShader
GLShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^abstract public class GLShader implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:30
GLShaderVariable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public GLShaderVariable() {$/;"	m	line:47	class:GLShaderVariable
GLShaderVariable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public GLShaderVariable(PApplet parent, GLShader shader, String name,$/;"	m	line:81	class:GLShaderVariable
GLShaderVariable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public GLShaderVariable(PApplet parent, String name, String label, int type, int len) {$/;"	m	line:67	class:GLShaderVariable
GLShaderVariable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^abstract class GLShaderVariable implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:32
GLState	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public GLState(GL gl) {$/;"	m	line:95	class:GLState
GLState	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^public class GLState implements GLConstants, PConstants {$/;"	c	line:37
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture() {$/;"	m	line:79	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent) {$/;"	m	line:89	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:191	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, String filename, GLTextureParameters params) {$/;"	m	line:223	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, String filename, int format) {$/;"	m	line:242	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, String filename, int format, int filter) {$/;"	m	line:262	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int size) {$/;"	m	line:281	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int size, GLTextureParameters params) {$/;"	m	line:302	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int width, int height) {$/;"	m	line:107	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int width, int height, int format) {$/;"	m	line:150	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int width, int height, int format, int filter) {$/;"	m	line:173	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int width, int height,$/;"	m	line:128	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public GLTexture(PApplet parent, int width, int height,$/;"	m	line:202	class:GLTexture
GLTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^public class GLTexture extends PImage implements PConstants, GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:45
GLTextureFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilter() {$/;"	m	line:89	class:GLTextureFilter
GLTextureFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilter(PApplet parent, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:99	class:GLTextureFilter
GLTextureFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilter(PApplet parent, URL url) {$/;"	m	line:113	class:GLTextureFilter
GLTextureFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^public class GLTextureFilter implements GLConstants, PConstants {$/;"	c	line:42
GLTextureFilterParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilterParameter(PApplet parent, GLShader shader,$/;"	m	line:42	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
GLTextureFilterParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilterParameter(PApplet parent, String name, String label,$/;"	m	line:28	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
GLTextureFilterParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^public abstract class GLTextureFilterParameter {$/;"	c	line:27
GLTextureGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  public GLTextureGrid(GL gl) {$/;"	m	line:33	class:GLTextureGrid
GLTextureGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^abstract class GLTextureGrid implements GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:28
GLTextureGridCompiled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  public GLTextureGridCompiled(GL gl) {$/;"	m	line:52	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
GLTextureGridCompiled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  public GLTextureGridCompiled(GL gl, XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:64	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
GLTextureGridCompiled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^public class GLTextureGridCompiled extends GLTextureGrid {$/;"	c	line:35
GLTextureGridDirect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  public GLTextureGridDirect(GL gl) {$/;"	m	line:41	class:GLTextureGridDirect
GLTextureGridDirect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  public GLTextureGridDirect(GL gl, XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:46	class:GLTextureGridDirect
GLTextureGridDirect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^public class GLTextureGridDirect extends GLTextureGrid {$/;"	c	line:33
GLTextureParameters	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public GLTextureParameters() {$/;"	m	line:41	class:GLTextureParameters
GLTextureParameters	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public GLTextureParameters(int format) {$/;"	m	line:50	class:GLTextureParameters
GLTextureParameters	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public GLTextureParameters(int format, int filter) {$/;"	m	line:59	class:GLTextureParameters
GLTextureParameters	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^public class GLTextureParameters implements GLConstants, PConstants {$/;"	c	line:29
GLTexturePingPong	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public GLTexturePingPong(GLTexture tex0, GLTexture tex1) {$/;"	m	line:43	class:GLTexturePingPong
GLTexturePingPong	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^public class GLTexturePingPong {$/;"	c	line:32
GLTextureWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public GLTextureWindow(PApplet parent, String s, int x, int y, int w, int h, $/;"	m	line:93	class:GLTextureWindow
GLTextureWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public GLTextureWindow(PApplet parent, int x, int y, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:66	class:GLTextureWindow
GLTextureWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public GLTextureWindow(PApplet parent, int x, int y, int w, int h, boolean v) {$/;"	m	line:70	class:GLTextureWindow
GLTextureWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public GLTextureWindow(PApplet parent, int x, int y, int w, int h, boolean v, boolean b) {$/;"	m	line:74	class:GLTextureWindow
GLTextureWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^public class GLTextureWindow extends GLWindow {$/;"	c	line:33
GLTexturedPoint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public GLTexturedPoint() {$/;"	m	line:29	class:GLTexturedPoint
GLTexturedPoint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public GLTexturedPoint(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:34	class:GLTexturedPoint
GLTexturedPoint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public GLTexturedPoint(float x, float y, float s, float t) {$/;"	m	line:121	class:GLTexturedPoint
GLTexturedPoint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public GLTexturedPoint(int n) {$/;"	m	line:116	class:GLTexturedPoint
GLTexturedPoint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^public class GLTexturedPoint {$/;"	c	line:28
GLUtils	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLUtils.java	/^public class GLUtils implements PConstants, GLConstants {$/;"	c	line:29
GLWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^abstract public class GLWindow {$/;"	c	line:23
GL_DEPTH24_STENCIL8	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_DEPTH24_STENCIL8 = 0x88F0;$/;"	f	line:160	interface:GLConstants
GL_DEPTH_STENCIL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_DEPTH_STENCIL = 0x84F9;$/;"	f	line:158	interface:GLConstants
GL_FRAME_BUFFER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_FRAME_BUFFER = 2;$/;"	f	line:170	interface:GLConstants
GL_PIXEL_BUFFER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_PIXEL_BUFFER = 1;$/;"	f	line:169	interface:GLConstants
GL_RENDER_BUFFER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_RENDER_BUFFER = 3;$/;"	f	line:171	interface:GLConstants
GL_TEXTURE_OBJECT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_TEXTURE_OBJECT = 0;$/;"	f	line:167	interface:GLConstants
GL_UNSIGNED_INT_24_8	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_UNSIGNED_INT_24_8 = 0x84FA;$/;"	f	line:159	interface:GLConstants
GL_VERTEX_BUFFER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int GL_VERTEX_BUFFER = 1;$/;"	f	line:168	interface:GLConstants
HEADER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    private static final String HEADER = "example To Do:";$/;"	f	line:62	class:ExampleTaglet	file:
IDENTITY_MATRIX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int IDENTITY_MATRIX = 0;$/;"	f	line:146	interface:GLConstants
INSTANCES_COUNT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static long INSTANCES_COUNT = 0;$/;"	f	line:52	class:GLState
INVERSE_MATRIX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int INVERSE_MATRIX = 1;$/;"	f	line:147	interface:GLConstants
INVERSE_TRANSPOSE_MATRIX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int INVERSE_TRANSPOSE_MATRIX = 3;    $/;"	f	line:149	interface:GLConstants
LINEAR_MIPMAP_LINEAR	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int LINEAR_MIPMAP_LINEAR = 5;$/;"	f	line:120	interface:GLConstants
LINEAR_MIPMAP_NEAREST	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int LINEAR_MIPMAP_NEAREST = 3;$/;"	f	line:112	interface:GLConstants
LINEAR_SAMPLING	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int LINEAR_SAMPLING = 1;$/;"	f	line:104	interface:GLConstants
LINE_ADJACENCY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int LINE_ADJACENCY = 20;$/;"	f	line:122	interface:GLConstants
MAX_LIGHTS_GL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected static final int MAX_LIGHTS_GL = 8;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLGraphics
MAX_LIGHTS_GL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected static final int MAX_LIGHTS_GL = 8;$/;"	f	line:57	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
NAME	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    private static final String NAME = "example";$/;"	f	line:61	class:ExampleTaglet	file:
NEAREST_MIPMAP_LINEAR	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int NEAREST_MIPMAP_LINEAR = 4;$/;"	f	line:116	interface:GLConstants
NEAREST_MIPMAP_NEAREST	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int NEAREST_MIPMAP_NEAREST = 2;$/;"	f	line:108	interface:GLConstants
NEAREST_SAMPLING	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int NEAREST_SAMPLING = 0;$/;"	f	line:100	interface:GLConstants
NO_DELAYS_PER_YIELD	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    final int NO_DELAYS_PER_YIELD = 15;$/;"	f	line:392	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
PixelData	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^    PixelData(Object nat, IntBuffer rgb, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:2188	class:GLTexture.PixelData
PixelData	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected class PixelData {    $/;"	c	line:2181	class:GLTexture
RendererThread	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected class RendererThread extends Thread {$/;"	c	line:501	class:GLTextureWindow
SHADER_VAR_ARRAY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_ARRAY = 8;$/;"	f	line:136	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_FLOAT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_FLOAT = 1;$/;"	f	line:129	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_INT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_INT = 0;$/;"	f	line:128	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_MAT2	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_MAT2 = 5;$/;"	f	line:133	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_MAT3	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_MAT3 = 6;$/;"	f	line:134	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_MAT4	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_MAT4 = 7;$/;"	f	line:135	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_MODELVIEW_MAT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_MODELVIEW_MAT = 10;$/;"	f	line:138	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_MODELVIEW_PROJECTION_MAT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_MODELVIEW_PROJECTION_MAT = 12;$/;"	f	line:140	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_PROJECTION_MAT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_PROJECTION_MAT = 11;$/;"	f	line:139	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_TEXTURE_MAT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_TEXTURE_MAT = 13;$/;"	f	line:141	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_TEXTURE_SAMPLER	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_TEXTURE_SAMPLER = 9;$/;"	f	line:137	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_VEC2	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_VEC2 = 2;$/;"	f	line:130	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_VEC3	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_VEC3 = 3;$/;"	f	line:131	interface:GLConstants
SHADER_VAR_VEC4	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int SHADER_VAR_VEC4 = 4;$/;"	f	line:132	interface:GLConstants
STATIC	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public static final int STATIC = 0;$/;"	f	line:120	class:GLModel
STREAM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public static final int STREAM = 2;$/;"	f	line:122	class:GLModel
TEX_BYTE	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TEX_BYTE = 1;$/;"	f	line:95	interface:GLConstants
TEX_INT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TEX_INT = 0;$/;"	f	line:91	interface:GLConstants
TEX_NORM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TEX_NORM = 0;$/;"	f	line:36	interface:GLConstants
TEX_ONEDIM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TEX_ONEDIM = 2;$/;"	f	line:46	interface:GLConstants
TEX_RECT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TEX_RECT = 1;$/;"	f	line:41	interface:GLConstants
TRANSPOSE_MATRIX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TRANSPOSE_MATRIX = 2;$/;"	f	line:148	interface:GLConstants
TRIANGLE_ADJACENCY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int TRIANGLE_ADJACENCY = 21;  $/;"	f	line:123	interface:GLConstants
VERSION	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected static String VERSION = "##version##";$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLGraphics
VERTEX_PROGRAM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^  public static final int VERTEX_PROGRAM = 0;$/;"	f	line:154	interface:GLConstants
a	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    float r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	line:366	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
addParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void addParameter(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:955	class:GLTextureFilter
addPixelsToBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public synchronized void addPixelsToBuffer(Object natBuf, IntBuffer rgbBuf, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:1706	class:GLTexture
addWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void addWindow(GLWindow win) {$/;"	m	line:123	class:GLGraphics
allocate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void allocate() {    $/;"	m	line:1047	class:GLGraphics
allocate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void allocate() {$/;"	m	line:1273	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
allocateValueArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected void allocateValueArray() {$/;"	m	line:286	class:GLShaderVariable
ambientFromCalc	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void ambientFromCalc() {$/;"	m	line:821	class:GLGraphics
ambientFromCalc	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void ambientFromCalc() {$/;"	m	line:977	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
ambientLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void ambientLight(float r, float g, float b) {$/;"	m	line:454	class:GLGraphics
ambientLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void ambientLight(float r, float g, float b, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:465	class:GLGraphics
ambientLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void ambientLight(float r, float g, float b) {$/;"	m	line:637	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
ambientLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void ambientLight(float r, float g, float b, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:648	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
animator	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected FPSAnimator animator;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLTextureWindow
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void apply(GLModel model) {$/;"	m	line:88	class:GLModelEffect
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void apply(GLModel[] models) {$/;"	m	line:92	class:GLModelEffect
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture destTex) {$/;"	m	line:206	class:GLTextureFilter
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture srcTex, GLTexture destTex) {$/;"	m	line:163	class:GLTextureFilter
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture srcTex, GLTexture destTex, GLModel destModel) {$/;"	m	line:175	class:GLTextureFilter
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture[] destTex) {$/;"	m	line:216	class:GLTextureFilter
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture[] srcTex, GLTexture destTex) {$/;"	m	line:186	class:GLTextureFilter
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture[] srcTex, GLTexture[] destTex) {$/;"	m	line:197	class:GLTextureFilter
apply	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void apply(GLTexture[] srcTex, GLTexture[] destTex, GLModel destModel) {$/;"	m	line:227	class:GLTextureFilter
arrayLength	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected int arrayLength;$/;"	f	line:42	class:GLShaderVariable
attachFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  private void attachFragmentShader(String shaderSource, String file) {$/;"	m	line:580	class:GLSLShader	file:
attachGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  private void attachGeometryShader(String shaderSource, String file) {$/;"	m	line:567	class:GLSLShader	file:
attachVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  private void attachVertexShader(String shaderSource, String file) {$/;"	m	line:554	class:GLSLShader	file:
attribName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected String[] attribName;$/;"	f	line:91	class:GLModel
attribSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] attribSize;$/;"	f	line:92	class:GLModel
attribVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] attribVBO = null;$/;"	f	line:90	class:GLModel
attributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public FloatBuffer attributes;$/;"	f	line:108	class:GLModel
autoIndexBoundCalc	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected boolean autoIndexBoundCalc;$/;"	f	line:74	class:GLModel
autoIndexBounds	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void autoIndexBounds(boolean val) {$/;"	m	line:376	class:GLModel
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  public boolean available() {$/;"	m	line:66	class:GLCgShaderParameter
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public boolean available() {$/;"	m	line:62	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^  public boolean available() {$/;"	m	line:62	class:GLSLShaderUniform
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public boolean available() {$/;"	m	line:52	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  abstract public boolean available();$/;"	m	line:108	class:GLShaderVariable
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public boolean available() {$/;"	m	line:360	class:GLTexture
available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public boolean available();$/;"	m	line:52	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
b	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    float r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	line:366	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
baseLightGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] baseLightGL = { 0.05f, 0.05f, 0.05f, 1.0f };$/;"	f	line:98	class:GLGraphics
beforeTime	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    long beforeTime;$/;"	f	line:387	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
beginDraw	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void beginDraw() {$/;"	m	line:229	class:GLGraphics
beginDraw	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void beginDraw() {$/;"	m	line:326	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
beginGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public GL beginGL() {$/;"	m	line:193	class:GLGraphics
beginGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GL beginGL() {$/;"	m	line:304	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
beginIterativeMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void beginIterativeMode() {$/;"	m	line:665	class:GLTextureFilter
beginUpdateAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void beginUpdateAttributes(int n) {$/;"	m	line:1305	class:GLModel
beginUpdateColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void beginUpdateColors() {$/;"	m	line:786	class:GLModel
beginUpdateIndices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void beginUpdateIndices() {$/;"	m	line:383	class:GLModel
beginUpdateNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void beginUpdateNormals() {$/;"	m	line:1175	class:GLModel
beginUpdateTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void beginUpdateTexCoords(int n) {$/;"	m	line:1066	class:GLModel
beginUpdateVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void beginUpdateVertices() {$/;"	m	line:491	class:GLModel
bind	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void bind() {$/;"	m	line:137	class:GLFramebufferObject
bind	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void bind(int tu) {$/;"	m	line:1597	class:GLTexture
bindDestFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void bindDestFBO() {$/;"	m	line:747	class:GLTextureFilter
bindDestTexToFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void bindDestTexToFBO(GLTexture[] destTex) {$/;"	m	line:756	class:GLTextureFilter
bindSrcTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void bindSrcTex(GLTexture[] srcTex) {$/;"	m	line:731	class:GLTextureFilter
blend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected boolean blend;$/;"	f	line:84	class:GLModel
blend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected boolean blend;$/;"	f	line:54	class:GLTextureFilter
blendEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static boolean blendEnabled = true;$/;"	f	line:55	class:GLState
blendEnabled0	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static boolean blendEnabled0;$/;"	f	line:57	class:GLState
blendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int blendMode;$/;"	f	line:85	class:GLModel
blendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int blendMode = BLEND;$/;"	f	line:56	class:GLState
blendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int blendMode;$/;"	f	line:55	class:GLTextureFilter
blendMode0	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int blendMode0;  $/;"	f	line:58	class:GLState
buildGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected void buildGrid(int w, int h, float sc0, float sc1, float tc0, float tc1) {$/;"	m	line:212	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
built	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected boolean built;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
calculateWidthHeight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void calculateWidthHeight(int size) {$/;"	m	line:2161	class:GLTexture
camera	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void camera() {$/;"	m	line:852	class:GLGraphics
camera	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void camera(float eyeX, float eyeY, float eyeZ, float centerX,$/;"	m	line:860	class:GLGraphics
camera	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void camera() {$/;"	m	line:1004	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
camera	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void camera(float eyeX, float eyeY, float eyeZ, float centerX,$/;"	m	line:1008	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
canvas	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected GLCanvas canvas;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLTextureWindow
capabilities	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected GLCapabilities capabilities;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLGraphics
centerVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void centerVertices() {$/;"	m	line:688	class:GLModel
centerVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void centerVertices(float xc, float yc) {$/;"	m	line:698	class:GLModel
centerVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void centerVertices(float xc, float yc, float zc) {$/;"	m	line:709	class:GLModel
cgContexts	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Object> cgContexts;$/;"	f	line:91	class:GLState
cgEffects	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Object> cgEffects;$/;"	f	line:93	class:GLState
cgPrograms	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Object> cgPrograms;$/;"	f	line:92	class:GLState
checkCgError	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  private void checkCgError() {$/;"	m	line:764	class:GLCgFXEffect	file:
checkDestTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void checkDestTex(GLTexture[] destTex, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:1130	class:GLTextureFilter
checkErrorInfo	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  private void checkErrorInfo(String fn, CGprogram program) {$/;"	m	line:581	class:GLCgShader	file:
checkFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  public void checkFBO() {$/;"	m	line:68	class:GLFramebufferObject
checkLogInfo	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected void checkLogInfo(String title, int obj) {$/;"	m	line:593	class:GLSLShader
checkProfiles	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected void checkProfiles() {$/;"	m	line:590	class:GLCgShader
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:1091	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1106	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1116	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1126	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(int gray) {$/;"	m	line:1086	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1096	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1101	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:1111	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void clear(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1121	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:1402	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1435	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1459	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1485	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(int gray) {$/;"	m	line:1392	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1413	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1424	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:1447	class:GLTexture
clear	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void clear(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1472	class:GLTexture
clearColorBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void clearColorBuffer(int color) {$/;"	m	line:381	class:GLState
clearTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void clearTex(int glid, int target, int color) {$/;"	m	line:451	class:GLState
clockDataName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String clockDataName;$/;"	f	line:62	class:GLTextureFilter
clockDataParam	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureFilterParameter clockDataParam;$/;"	f	line:67	class:GLTextureFilter
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLConstants.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectParameter.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffectVertexAttrib.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:20
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLUtils.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
codeanticode.glgraphics	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^package codeanticode.glgraphics;$/;"	p	line:21
colorBufferMulti	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected int colorBufferMulti = 0;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
colorDrawBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  int[] colorDrawBuffers;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLFramebufferObject
colorTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLTexture colorTex;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
colorTexParams	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLTextureParameters colorTexParams;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
colors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public FloatBuffer colors;$/;"	f	line:105	class:GLModel
colorsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] colorsVBO = null;$/;"	f	line:69	class:GLModel
context	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected CGcontext context;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLCgFXEffect
context	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected CGcontext context;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLCgShader
context	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    GLContext context;$/;"	f	line:368	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
convertToARGB	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int[] convertToARGB(int[] intArray) {$/;"	m	line:1950	class:GLTexture
convertToAlpha	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected byte[] convertToAlpha(int[] intArray) {$/;"	m	line:1992	class:GLTexture
convertToRGBA	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int[] convertToRGBA(int[] intArray, int arrayFormat) {$/;"	m	line:1852	class:GLTexture
copy	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void copy(GLTexture src) {$/;"	m	line:731	class:GLTexture
copyModelviewTM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void copyModelviewTM() {$/;"	m	line:1231	class:GLGraphics
copyModelviewTM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void copyModelviewTM() {$/;"	m	line:1458	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
copyTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void copyTex(GLTexture srcTex, GLTexture destTex) {$/;"	m	line:399	class:GLState
copyToModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void copyToModel(int attachPt, GLTexture destTex, GLModel destModel) {$/;"	m	line:713	class:GLTextureFilter
copyToShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  public void copyToShader() {$/;"	m	line:84	class:GLCgShaderParameter
copyToShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public void copyToShader() {$/;"	m	line:86	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
copyToShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^  public void copyToShader() {$/;"	m	line:74	class:GLSLShaderUniform
copyToShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void copyToShader() {$/;"	m	line:108	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
copyToShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  abstract public void copyToShader();  $/;"	m	line:205	class:GLShaderVariable
copyToShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void copyToShader();  $/;"	m	line:101	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
createCGResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public Object createCGResource(int type) {$/;"	m	line:165	class:GLState
createCGResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public Object createCGResource(int type, CGcontext context, String source) {$/;"	m	line:169	class:GLState
createCGResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public Object createCGResource(int type, CGcontext context, String source, int profile) {$/;"	m	line:173	class:GLState
createFragmentProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  private void createFragmentProgram(String source, String file) {    $/;"	m	line:543	class:GLCgShader	file:
createGLResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public int createGLResource(int type) {$/;"	m	line:128	class:GLState
createGLResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public int createGLResource(int type, int param) {$/;"	m	line:132	class:GLState
createGeometryProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  private void createGeometryProgram(String source, String file) {    $/;"	m	line:522	class:GLCgShader	file:
createHTML	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    String createHTML(String theString) {$/;"	m	line:185	class:ExampleTaglet
createVertexProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  private void createVertexProgram(String source, String file) {  $/;"	m	line:503	class:GLCgShader	file:
crop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected boolean crop;$/;"	f	line:80	class:GLTextureFilter
cropX0	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int cropX0, cropX1, cropY0, cropY1;  $/;"	f	line:81	class:GLTextureFilter
cropX1	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int cropX0, cropX1, cropY0, cropY1;  $/;"	f	line:81	class:GLTextureFilter
cropY0	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int cropX0, cropX1, cropY0, cropY1;  $/;"	f	line:81	class:GLTextureFilter
cropY1	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int cropX0, cropX1, cropY0, cropY1;  $/;"	f	line:81	class:GLTextureFilter
currPass	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected CGpass currPass;$/;"	f	line:40	class:GLCgFXEffect
currProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected CGprogram currProgram; \/\/ current active program$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLCgShader
currTechnique	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected CGtechnique currTechnique;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLCgFXEffect
currentDestTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static GLTexture[] currentDestTex;$/;"	f	line:80	class:GLState
currentFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static GLFramebufferObject currentFBO;$/;"	f	line:78	class:GLState
currentLightFalloffConstantGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float currentLightFalloffConstantGL;$/;"	f	line:94	class:GLGraphics
currentLightFalloffConstantGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float currentLightFalloffConstantGL;$/;"	f	line:102	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
currentLightFalloffLinearGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float currentLightFalloffLinearGL;$/;"	f	line:95	class:GLGraphics
currentLightFalloffLinearGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float currentLightFalloffLinearGL;$/;"	f	line:103	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
currentLightFalloffQuadraticGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float currentLightFalloffQuadraticGL;$/;"	f	line:96	class:GLGraphics
currentLightFalloffQuadraticGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float currentLightFalloffQuadraticGL;$/;"	f	line:104	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
currentLightSpecularGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float[] currentLightSpecularGL;$/;"	f	line:91	class:GLGraphics
currentLightSpecularGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] currentLightSpecularGL;$/;"	f	line:99	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
curtAttrSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int curtAttrSize;$/;"	f	line:93	class:GLModel
delPixelsWhenBufferFull	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void delPixelsWhenBufferFull(boolean v) { $/;"	m	line:1693	class:GLTexture
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:66	class:GLCgFXEffect
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:116	class:GLCgShader
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:56	class:GLFramebufferObject
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:296	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:220	class:GLModel
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:75	class:GLModelEffect
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:92	class:GLSLShader
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  public void delete() {}$/;"	m	line:41	class:GLShader
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:314	class:GLTexture
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:104	class:GLTextureFilter
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  public void delete() {  $/;"	m	line:39	class:GLTextureGrid
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:60	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:380	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
delete	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void delete() {$/;"	m	line:174	class:GLTextureWindow
deleteAllGLResources	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void deleteAllGLResources() {$/;"	m	line:248	class:GLState
deleteCGResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void deleteCGResource(Object id, int type) {$/;"	m	line:228	class:GLState
deleteGLResource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void deleteGLResource(int id, int type) {$/;"	m	line:190	class:GLState
depth	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float depth;$/;"	f	line:114	class:GLModel
depthStencilBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected int depthStencilBuffer = 0;$/;"	f	line:40	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
description	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected String description;$/;"	f	line:60	class:GLModel
description	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String description;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLModelEffect
description	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String description;$/;"	f	line:53	class:GLTextureFilter
destA	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected float destR, destG, destB, destA;$/;"	f	line:84	class:GLTextureFilter
destB	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected float destR, destG, destB, destA;$/;"	f	line:84	class:GLTextureFilter
destColorName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String destColorName;$/;"	f	line:63	class:GLTextureFilter
destColorParam	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureFilterParameter destColorParam;$/;"	f	line:68	class:GLTextureFilter
destFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLFramebufferObject destFBO;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLTextureFilter
destG	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected float destR, destG, destB, destA;$/;"	f	line:84	class:GLTextureFilter
destR	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected float destR, destG, destB, destA;$/;"	f	line:84	class:GLTextureFilter
destTexSizeName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String destTexSizeName;$/;"	f	line:64	class:GLTextureFilter
destTexSizeParam	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureFilterParameter destTexSizeParam;$/;"	f	line:69	class:GLTextureFilter
destTexStack	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static Stack<GLTexture[]> destTexStack;  $/;"	f	line:83	class:GLState
detainContext	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    protected void detainContext() {$/;"	m	line:486	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
diposePixelsHandler	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected Object diposePixelsHandler = null;$/;"	f	line:72	class:GLTexture
directionalLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void directionalLight(float r, float g, float b, float nx, float ny,$/;"	m	line:507	class:GLGraphics
directionalLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void directionalLight(float r, float g, float b, float nx, float ny,$/;"	m	line:687	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
disableBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void disableBlend() {$/;"	m	line:512	class:GLState
disableLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void disableLights() {$/;"	m	line:444	class:GLGraphics
disableMultisampling	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void disableMultisampling() {$/;"	m	line:478	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
disablePopFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void disablePopFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:593	class:GLState
disablePushFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void disablePushFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:605	class:GLState
disableSingleFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void disableSingleFBO() {$/;"	m	line:581	class:GLState
disableVertexAttribArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public void disableVertexAttribArray() {$/;"	m	line:75	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
disableVertexAttribs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void disableVertexAttribs() {$/;"	m	line:143	class:GLModelEffect
displaceAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceAttribute(int idx, float dx) {$/;"	m	line:1404	class:GLModel
displaceAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceAttribute(int idx, float dx, float dy) {$/;"	m	line:1408	class:GLModel
displaceAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceAttribute(int idx, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1412	class:GLModel
displaceAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceAttribute(int idx, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:1416	class:GLModel
displaceAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceAttribute(int idx, float[] dvalues) {$/;"	m	line:1420	class:GLModel
displaceNormal	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceNormal(int idx, float dx, float dy) {$/;"	m	line:1261	class:GLModel
displaceNormal	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceNormal(int idx, float dx, float dy, float dz) {$/;"	m	line:1265	class:GLModel
displaceNormal	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceNormal(int idx, float dx, float dy, float dz, float dw) {$/;"	m	line:1269	class:GLModel
displaceTexCoord	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceTexCoord(int idx, float ds, float dt) {$/;"	m	line:1132	class:GLModel
displaceVertex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceVertex(int idx, float dx, float dy) {$/;"	m	line:612	class:GLModel
displaceVertex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceVertex(int idx, float dx, float dy, float dz) {$/;"	m	line:624	class:GLModel
displaceVertex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void displaceVertex(int idx, float dx, float dy, float dz, float dw) {$/;"	m	line:637	class:GLModel
display	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public void display(GLAutoDrawable drawable) {$/;"	m	line:407	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
displayChanged	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public void displayChanged(GLAutoDrawable drawable, boolean modeChanged,$/;"	m	line:482	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
dispose	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void dispose() {$/;"	m	line:181	class:GLGraphics
dispose	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^    void dispose() {$/;"	m	line:2195	class:GLTexture.PixelData
disposePixelsMethod	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected Method disposePixelsMethod = null;$/;"	f	line:71	class:GLTexture
ds	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float[] s, t, ds, dt;$/;"	f	line:179	class:GLTexturedPoint
dt	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float[] s, t, ds, dt;$/;"	f	line:179	class:GLTexturedPoint
dx	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float x, y, dx, dy;$/;"	f	line:178	class:GLTexturedPoint
dy	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float x, y, dx, dy;$/;"	f	line:178	class:GLTexturedPoint
effect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected CGeffect effect;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLCgFXEffect
emissiveColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] emissiveColor = { 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f };$/;"	f	line:78	class:GLModel
emptyDestTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static GLTexture[] emptyDestTex;$/;"	f	line:81	class:GLState
enableBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void enableBlend() {$/;"	m	line:507	class:GLState
enableFastTextureLoad	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void enableFastTextureLoad() {$/;"	m	line:767	class:GLTexture
enableMultisampling	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void enableMultisampling() {$/;"	m	line:468	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
enablePopFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void enablePopFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:589	class:GLState
enablePushFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void enablePushFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:601	class:GLState
enableSingleFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void enableSingleFBO() {$/;"	m	line:577	class:GLState
enableVertexAttribArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public void enableVertexAttribArray() {$/;"	m	line:71	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
enableVertexAttribs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void enableVertexAttribs() {$/;"	m	line:137	class:GLModelEffect
endCamera	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void endCamera() {$/;"	m	line:843	class:GLGraphics
endCamera	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void endCamera() {$/;"	m	line:999	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
endDraw	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void endDraw() {$/;"	m	line:249	class:GLGraphics
endDraw	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void endDraw() {$/;"	m	line:418	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
endGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void endGL() {$/;"	m	line:216	class:GLGraphics
endGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void endGL() {$/;"	m	line:318	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
endIterativeMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void endIterativeMode() {$/;"	m	line:676	class:GLTextureFilter
endUpdateAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void endUpdateAttributes() {$/;"	m	line:1312	class:GLModel
endUpdateColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void endUpdateColors() {$/;"	m	line:792	class:GLModel
endUpdateIndices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void endUpdateIndices() {$/;"	m	line:392	class:GLModel
endUpdateNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void endUpdateNormals() {$/;"	m	line:1181	class:GLModel
endUpdateTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void endUpdateTexCoords() {$/;"	m	line:1143	class:GLModel
endUpdateVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void endUpdateVertices() {$/;"	m	line:500	class:GLModel
fbo	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  protected int fbo = 0;$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLFramebufferObject
fboMultisampleAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean fboMultisampleAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLState
fboStack	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static Stack<GLFramebufferObject> fboStack;$/;"	f	line:82	class:GLState
fbosAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean fbosAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:40	class:GLState
fillFromCalc	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void fillFromCalc() {$/;"	m	line:790	class:GLGraphics
fillFromCalc	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void fillFromCalc() {$/;"	m	line:946	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
filter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void filter(GLTextureFilter texFilter, GLTexture destTex) {$/;"	m	line:820	class:GLTexture
filter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void filter(GLTextureFilter texFilter, GLTexture destTex, float destA) {$/;"	m	line:849	class:GLTexture
filter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void filter(GLTextureFilter texFilter, GLTexture destTex, float destA,$/;"	m	line:865	class:GLTexture
filter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void filter(GLTextureFilter texFilter, GLTexture destTex,$/;"	m	line:834	class:GLTexture
filter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void filter(GLTextureFilter texFilter, GLTexture[] destTexArray,$/;"	m	line:881	class:GLTexture
filter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void filter(GLTextureFilter texFilter, GLTexture[] destTexArray,$/;"	m	line:898	class:GLTexture
filterName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String filterName;$/;"	f	line:52	class:GLTextureFilter
fixShaderFilename	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  String fixShaderFilename(String filename, String rootPath) {$/;"	m	line:535	class:GLModelEffect
fixShaderFilename	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  String fixShaderFilename(String filename, String rootPath) {$/;"	m	line:986	class:GLTextureFilter
flipArrayOnX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void flipArrayOnX(float[] floatArray, int mult) {$/;"	m	line:1801	class:GLTexture
flipArrayOnX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void flipArrayOnX(int[] intArray, int mult) {$/;"	m	line:1750	class:GLTexture
flipArrayOnY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void flipArrayOnY(float[] floatArray, int mult) {$/;"	m	line:1830	class:GLTexture
flipArrayOnY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void flipArrayOnY(int[] intArray, int mult) {$/;"	m	line:1779	class:GLTexture
flippedX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected boolean flippedX;$/;"	f	line:62	class:GLTexture
flippedY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected boolean flippedY;$/;"	f	line:63	class:GLTexture
floatTexAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean floatTexAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:46	class:GLState
format	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public int format;$/;"	f	line:31	class:GLTextureParameters
fragShadersAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean fragShadersAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:44	class:GLState
fragmentFN	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String fragmentFN;$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLModelEffect
fragmentFN	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String fragmentFN;$/;"	f	line:73	class:GLTextureFilter
fragmentProfile	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected int fragmentProfile;$/;"	f	line:44	class:GLCgShader
fragmentProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected CGprogram fragmentProgram;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLCgShader
fragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected int fragmentShader;  $/;"	f	line:37	class:GLSLShader
fragmentShaderEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected boolean fragmentShaderEnabled;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLCgShader
frame	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected Frame frame;  $/;"	f	line:40	class:GLTextureWindow
frameCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public int frameCount = 0;$/;"	f	line:53	class:GLTextureWindow
frameRate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public float frameRate = 10;$/;"	f	line:52	class:GLTextureWindow
frameRate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void frameRate(float newRateTarget) {$/;"	m	line:149	class:GLTextureWindow
frameRateLastNanos	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected long frameRateLastNanos = 0;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLTextureWindow
frameRateTarget	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected float frameRateTarget = 60;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLTextureWindow
framebufferFixed	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static boolean framebufferFixed = false;$/;"	f	line:63	class:GLState
frustum	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void frustum(float left, float right, float bottom, float top,$/;"	m	line:911	class:GLGraphics
frustum	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void frustum(float left, float right, float bottom, float top,$/;"	m	line:1035	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
g	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    float r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	line:366	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
genTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public void genTexCoords(int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:157	class:GLTexturedPoint
geoShadersAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean geoShadersAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:42	class:GLState
geometryFN	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String geometryFN;$/;"	f	line:42	class:GLModelEffect
geometryFN	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String geometryFN;$/;"	f	line:72	class:GLTextureFilter
geometryProfile	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected int geometryProfile;$/;"	f	line:45	class:GLCgShader
geometryProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected CGprogram geometryProgram;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLCgShader
geometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected int geometryShader;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLSLShader
geometryShaderEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected boolean geometryShaderEnabled;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLCgShader
getArrayLength	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public int getArrayLength() {$/;"	m	line:144	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
getArrayLength	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public int getArrayLength() {$/;"	m	line:279	class:GLShaderVariable
getAttribLocation	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public int getAttribLocation(String name) {$/;"	m	line:313	class:GLSLShader
getAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public ArrayList<float[]> getAttributes(String filename, int len) {$/;"	m	line:1329	class:GLModel
getAvailableExtensions	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void getAvailableExtensions() {$/;"	m	line:695	class:GLState
getBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getBuffer(float[] floatArray, int nchan) {$/;"	m	line:1245	class:GLTexture
getBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getBuffer(int[] intArray) {$/;"	m	line:1147	class:GLTexture
getBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getBuffer(int[] intArray, int format) {$/;"	m	line:1158	class:GLTexture
getBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getBuffer(int[] intArray, int format, int type) {$/;"	m	line:1194	class:GLTexture
getByteBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getByteBuffer(int[] intArray, int format) {$/;"	m	line:1169	class:GLTexture
getCapabilities	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public GLCapabilities getCapabilities() {$/;"	m	line:146	class:GLGraphics
getCapabilities	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLCapabilities getCapabilities() {$/;"	m	line:262	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
getCgMatrixTransform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public int getCgMatrixTransform(int glcode) {$/;"	m	line:699	class:GLCgFXEffect
getColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public ArrayList<float[]> getColors(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:808	class:GLModel
getCoordsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public int getCoordsVBO() {$/;"	m	line:242	class:GLModel
getDescription	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public String getDescription() {$/;"	m	line:232	class:GLModel
getDescription	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public String getDescription() {$/;"	m	line:84	class:GLModelEffect
getDescription	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public String getDescription() {$/;"	m	line:132	class:GLTextureFilter
getEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public CGeffect getEffect() {$/;"	m	line:76	class:GLCgFXEffect
getFragmentParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public CGparameter getFragmentParameter(String name) {$/;"	m	line:283	class:GLCgShader
getFramebufferID	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  public int getFramebufferID() {$/;"	m	line:64	class:GLFramebufferObject
getGLMajor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public int getGLMajor() {$/;"	m	line:625	class:GLState
getGLMinor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public int getGLMinor() {$/;"	m	line:629	class:GLState
getGLSLVersion	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public String getGLSLVersion() {$/;"	m	line:633	class:GLState
getGLVersion	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public String getGLVersion() {$/;"	m	line:621	class:GLState
getGeometryParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public CGparameter getGeometryParameter(String name) {$/;"	m	line:274	class:GLCgShader
getHardwareLimits	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void getHardwareLimits() {$/;"	m	line:760	class:GLState
getHeight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	line:257	class:GLTextureWindow
getImage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getImage(PImage img) {$/;"	m	line:638	class:GLTexture
getIntBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void getIntBuffer(int[] intArray, int format) {$/;"	m	line:1180	class:GLTexture
getLabel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public String getLabel() {$/;"	m	line:135	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
getLabel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public String getLabel() {$/;"	m	line:270	class:GLShaderVariable
getLabel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public String getLabel();  $/;"	m	line:122	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
getMaxOutVertCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public int getMaxOutVertCount() {$/;"	m	line:185	class:GLSLShader
getMaxPointSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float getMaxPointSize() {$/;"	m	line:1466	class:GLModel
getMaxTextureCoordS	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public float getMaxTextureCoordS() {$/;"	m	line:449	class:GLTexture
getMaxTextureCoordT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public float getMaxTextureCoordT() {$/;"	m	line:458	class:GLTexture
getMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public int getMode() {$/;"	m	line:224	class:GLModel
getName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	line:67	class:ExampleTaglet
getName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public String getName() {$/;"	m	line:126	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
getName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public String getName() {$/;"	m	line:261	class:GLShaderVariable
getName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public String getName() {$/;"	m	line:368	class:GLTexture
getName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public String getName() {$/;"	m	line:123	class:GLTextureFilter
getName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public String getName();$/;"	m	line:115	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
getNewTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public GLTexture getNewTex() {$/;"	m	line:113	class:GLTexturePingPong
getNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public ArrayList<PVector> getNormals(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1198	class:GLModel
getNumInputTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public int getNumInputTextures() {$/;"	m	line:142	class:GLTextureFilter
getNumOutputTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public int getNumOutputTextures() {$/;"	m	line:152	class:GLTextureFilter
getNumTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public int getNumTextures() {$/;"	m	line:474	class:GLModel
getOldTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public GLTexture getOldTex() {$/;"	m	line:95	class:GLTexturePingPong
getOverride	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  public boolean getOverride() {$/;"	m	line:48	class:GLWindow
getParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public GLModelEffectParameter getParameter(String paramName) {$/;"	m	line:341	class:GLModelEffect
getParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public GLModelEffectParameter getParameter(int i) {$/;"	m	line:278	class:GLModelEffect
getParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilterParameter getParameter(String paramName) {$/;"	m	line:641	class:GLTextureFilter
getParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public GLTextureFilterParameter getParameter(int i) {$/;"	m	line:578	class:GLTextureFilter
getParameterCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public int getParameterCount() {$/;"	m	line:242	class:GLModelEffect
getParameterCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public int getParameterCount() {$/;"	m	line:542	class:GLTextureFilter
getParameterLabel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public String getParameterLabel(int i) {$/;"	m	line:269	class:GLModelEffect
getParameterLabel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public String getParameterLabel(int i) {$/;"	m	line:569	class:GLTextureFilter
getParameterName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public String getParameterName(int i) {$/;"	m	line:260	class:GLModelEffect
getParameterName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public String getParameterName(int i) {$/;"	m	line:560	class:GLTextureFilter
getParameterType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public int getParameterType(int i) {$/;"	m	line:251	class:GLModelEffect
getParameterType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public int getParameterType(int i) {$/;"	m	line:551	class:GLTextureFilter
getPixelBufferUse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getPixelBufferUse() {$/;"	m	line:1682	class:GLTexture
getPixelsFromBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected synchronized PixelData getPixelsFromBuffer() {$/;"	m	line:1729	class:GLTexture
getPoint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  private void getPoint(int layer, int i, int j, GLTexturedPoint tp) {$/;"	m	line:82	class:GLTextureGridDirect	file:
getReadTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public GLTexture getReadTex() {$/;"	m	line:57	class:GLTexturePingPong
getSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public int getSize() {$/;"	m	line:228	class:GLModel
getTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public ArrayList<PVector> getTexCoords(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1089	class:GLModel
getTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public GLTexture getTexture() {$/;"	m	line:253	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
getTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLTexture getTexture(int i) {$/;"	m	line:483	class:GLModel
getTextureID	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getTextureID() {$/;"	m	line:385	class:GLTexture
getTextureInternalFormat	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getTextureInternalFormat() {$/;"	m	line:413	class:GLTexture
getTextureMagFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getTextureMagFilter() {$/;"	m	line:431	class:GLTexture
getTextureMinFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getTextureMinFilter() {$/;"	m	line:422	class:GLTexture
getTextureTarget	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getTextureTarget() {$/;"	m	line:404	class:GLTexture
getTextureUnit	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public int getTextureUnit() {$/;"	m	line:395	class:GLTexture
getType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  int getType() {$/;"	m	line:117	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
getType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public int getType() {$/;"	m	line:252	class:GLShaderVariable
getType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public static int getType(String typeStr) {$/;"	m	line:214	class:GLShaderVariable
getType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract int getType();$/;"	m	line:108	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
getUniformLocation	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public int getUniformLocation(String name) {$/;"	m	line:323	class:GLSLShader
getVersion	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  static public String getVersion() {$/;"	m	line:269	class:GLGraphics
getVersionNumbers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void getVersionNumbers() {$/;"	m	line:688	class:GLState
getVertexParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public CGparameter getVertexParameter(String name) {$/;"	m	line:265	class:GLCgShader
getVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public ArrayList<PVector> getVertices(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:516	class:GLModel
getWidth	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	line:242	class:GLTextureWindow
getWriteTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public GLTexture getWriteTex() {$/;"	m	line:76	class:GLTexturePingPong
getX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public int getX() {$/;"	m	line:271	class:GLTextureWindow
getY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public int getY() {$/;"	m	line:283	class:GLTextureWindow
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLCgFXEffect
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:33	class:GLFramebufferObject
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:53	class:GLModel
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLModelEffect
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:33	class:GLShader
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected GL gl;  $/;"	f	line:33	class:GLShaderVariable
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static GL gl;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLState
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:46	class:GLTexture
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:44	class:GLTextureFilter
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  protected GL gl;$/;"	f	line:29	class:GLTextureGrid
gl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    GL gl;$/;"	f	line:367	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
glDisableLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glDisableLights() {$/;"	m	line:716	class:GLGraphics	file:
glDisableLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glDisableLights() {$/;"	m	line:870	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glEnableLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glEnableLights() {$/;"	m	line:709	class:GLGraphics	file:
glEnableLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glEnableLights() {$/;"	m	line:863	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glFrameBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Integer> glFrameBuffers;$/;"	f	line:87	class:GLState
glID	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  protected int glID;  $/;"	f	line:31	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
glID	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^  protected int glID;  $/;"	f	line:29	class:GLSLShaderUniform
glLightAmbient	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightAmbient(int num) {$/;"	m	line:721	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightAmbient	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightAmbient(int num) {$/;"	m	line:875	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightDiffuse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightDiffuse(int num) {$/;"	m	line:734	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightDiffuse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightDiffuse(int num) {$/;"	m	line:888	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightDirection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightDirection(int num) {$/;"	m	line:742	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightDirection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightDirection(int num) {$/;"	m	line:896	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightDisable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightDisable(int num) {$/;"	m	line:756	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightEnable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightEnable(int num) {$/;"	m	line:752	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightEnable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightEnable(int num) {$/;"	m	line:906	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightFalloff	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightFalloff(int num) {$/;"	m	line:760	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightFalloff	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightFalloff(int num) {$/;"	m	line:916	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightNoAmbient	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightNoAmbient(int num) {$/;"	m	line:725	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightNoAmbient	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightNoAmbient(int num) {$/;"	m	line:879	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightNoDiffuse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightNoDiffuse(int num) {$/;"	m	line:738	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightNoDiffuse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightNoDiffuse(int num) {$/;"	m	line:892	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightNoSpecular	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightNoSpecular(int num) {$/;"	m	line:777	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightNoSpecular	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightNoSpecular(int num) {$/;"	m	line:933	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightNoSpot	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightNoSpot(int num) {$/;"	m	line:729	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightNoSpot	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightNoSpot(int num) {$/;"	m	line:883	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightPosition	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightPosition(int num) {$/;"	m	line:769	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightPosition	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightPosition(int num) {$/;"	m	line:925	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightSpecular	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightSpecular(int num) {$/;"	m	line:773	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightSpecular	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightSpecular(int num) {$/;"	m	line:929	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightSpotAngle	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightSpotAngle(int num) {$/;"	m	line:781	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightSpotAngle	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightSpotAngle(int num) {$/;"	m	line:937	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glLightSpotConcentration	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  private void glLightSpotConcentration(int num) {$/;"	m	line:785	class:GLGraphics	file:
glLightSpotConcentration	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  private void glLightSpotConcentration(int num) {$/;"	m	line:941	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen	file:
glMajor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMajor;$/;"	f	line:66	class:GLState
glMaxAliasedPointSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMaxAliasedPointSize;$/;"	f	line:73	class:GLState
glMaxAntialiasedPointSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static float glMaxAntialiasedPointSize;$/;"	f	line:74	class:GLState
glMaxColorAttach	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMaxColorAttach;$/;"	f	line:70	class:GLState
glMaxLineWidth	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMaxLineWidth;          $/;"	f	line:72	class:GLState
glMaxTextureSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMaxTextureSize;$/;"	f	line:71	class:GLState
glMaxTextureUnits	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMaxTextureUnits;  $/;"	f	line:75	class:GLState
glMinor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static int glMinor;$/;"	f	line:67	class:GLState
glMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected boolean glMode = false;$/;"	f	line:40	class:GLGraphics
glMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected boolean glMode = false;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
glRenderBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Integer> glRenderBuffers;$/;"	f	line:88	class:GLState
glTextureObjects	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Integer> glTextureObjects;$/;"	f	line:85	class:GLState
glVersion	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static String glVersion;$/;"	f	line:65	class:GLState
glVertexBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Integer> glVertexBuffers;$/;"	f	line:86	class:GLState
glcaps	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLCapabilities glcaps;$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
glsl100Available	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean glsl100Available = true;$/;"	f	line:45	class:GLState
glslPrograms	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Integer> glslPrograms;$/;"	f	line:89	class:GLState
glslShaders	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static protected Set<Integer> glslShaders;$/;"	f	line:90	class:GLState
glslVersion	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static String glslVersion;$/;"	f	line:68	class:GLState
glstate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected GLState glstate = null;$/;"	f	line:105	class:GLGraphics
glstate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLState glstate;$/;"	f	line:42	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
glstate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected GLState glstate;$/;"	f	line:55	class:GLModel
glstate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected GLState glstate;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLModelEffect
glstate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected GLState glstate;$/;"	f	line:67	class:GLTexture
glstate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLState glstate;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLTextureFilter
glu	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static GLU glu;$/;"	f	line:51	class:GLState
grid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureGrid grid;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLTextureFilter
gridDX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected float[] gridDX;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLTextureGridDirect
gridDY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected float[] gridDY;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLTextureGridDirect
h	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^    int w, h;$/;"	f	line:2182	class:GLTexture.PixelData
hasBorder	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected boolean hasBorder;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLTextureWindow
hasParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public boolean hasParameter(String paramName) {$/;"	m	line:445	class:GLTextureFilter
height	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float height;$/;"	f	line:113	class:GLModel
height	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int width, height;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
height	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected int width, height;$/;"	f	line:26	class:GLWindow
hide	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void hide() {$/;"	m	line:219	class:GLTextureWindow
hide	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  abstract public void hide();$/;"	m	line:34	class:GLWindow
inConstructor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean inConstructor() {$/;"	m	line:89	class:ExampleTaglet
inField	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean inField() {$/;"	m	line:78	class:ExampleTaglet
inGeoPrim	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String inGeoPrim;$/;"	f	line:44	class:GLModelEffect
inGeoPrim	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String inGeoPrim;$/;"	f	line:75	class:GLTextureFilter
inMethod	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean inMethod() {$/;"	m	line:100	class:ExampleTaglet
inOverview	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean inOverview() {$/;"	m	line:111	class:ExampleTaglet
inPackage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean inPackage() {$/;"	m	line:122	class:ExampleTaglet
inType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean inType() {$/;"	m	line:133	class:ExampleTaglet
indices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public IntBuffer indices;$/;"	f	line:109	class:GLModel
indicesCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int indicesCount;$/;"	f	line:100	class:GLModel
indicesVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] indicesVBO = null;$/;"	f	line:72	class:GLModel
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  public void init() {$/;"	m	line:70	class:GLCgShaderParameter
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public void init() {$/;"	m	line:66	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderUniform.java	/^  public void init() {$/;"	m	line:66	class:GLSLShaderUniform
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void init() {$/;"	m	line:59	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  abstract public void init();$/;"	m	line:113	class:GLShaderVariable
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void init(int width, int height) {$/;"	m	line:335	class:GLTexture
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void init(int width, int height, GLTextureParameters params) {$/;"	m	line:349	class:GLTexture
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void init();$/;"	m	line:57	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public void init() {$/;"	m	line:129	class:GLTexturePingPong
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public void init(GLAutoDrawable drawable) {$/;"	m	line:395	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void init() {$/;"	m	line:114	class:GLTextureWindow
init	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  abstract public void init();$/;"	m	line:30	class:GLWindow
initAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void initAttributes(int n) {$/;"	m	line:280	class:GLModel
initColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void initColors() {$/;"	m	line:263	class:GLModel
initEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void initEffect(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:353	class:GLModelEffect
initEffect	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void initEffect(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:367	class:GLModelEffect
initEffectCommon	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  private void initEffectCommon() {$/;"	m	line:387	class:GLModelEffect	file:
initFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void initFBO() {$/;"	m	line:764	class:GLTextureFilter
initFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void initFilter(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:768	class:GLTextureFilter
initFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void initFilter(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:779	class:GLTextureFilter
initFilterCommon	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  private void initFilterCommon() {$/;"	m	line:798	class:GLTextureFilter	file:
initFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void initFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:1173	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
initGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected void initGrid() {$/;"	m	line:115	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
initGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected void initGrid(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:131	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
initGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected void initGrid() {$/;"	m	line:109	class:GLTextureGridDirect
initGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected void initGrid(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:128	class:GLTextureGridDirect
initImpl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected void initImpl(int x, int y, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:154	class:GLTextureWindow
initIndices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void initIndices(int n) {$/;"	m	line:336	class:GLModel
initIndices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void initIndices(int n, int usage) {$/;"	m	line:349	class:GLModel
initModelCommon	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void initModelCommon(PApplet parent) {$/;"	m	line:2256	class:GLModel
initNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void initNormals() {$/;"	m	line:250	class:GLModel
initShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void initShader(String xmlFilename, boolean useURL) {$/;"	m	line:553	class:GLModelEffect
initShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void initShader(String xmlFilename, boolean useURL) {$/;"	m	line:1004	class:GLTextureFilter
initTexCoordArrays	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public void initTexCoordArrays(int n) {$/;"	m	line:166	class:GLTexturedPoint
initTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void initTexture(int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:2005	class:GLTexture
initTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void initTexture(int w, int h, int id) {$/;"	m	line:2039	class:GLTexture
initTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void initTextures(int n) {$/;"	m	line:313	class:GLModel
initWindows	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void initWindows() {$/;"	m	line:1018	class:GLGraphics
initalized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    boolean initalized;$/;"	f	line:369	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
initialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected boolean initialized;  $/;"	f	line:52	class:GLCgShader
initialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected boolean initialized;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLSLShader
initialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected boolean initialized;$/;"	f	line:28	class:GLWindow
isFlippedX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public boolean isFlippedX() {$/;"	m	line:467	class:GLTexture
isFlippedY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public boolean isFlippedY() {$/;"	m	line:485	class:GLTexture
isFramebufferFixed	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public boolean isFramebufferFixed() {$/;"	m	line:617	class:GLState
isInitialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	line:220	class:GLCgShader
isInitialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	line:192	class:GLSLShader
isInitialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public boolean isInitialized();$/;"	m	line:49	class:GLShader
isInitialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	line:326	class:GLTextureWindow
isInitialized	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  public boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	line:67	class:GLWindow
isInlineTag	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public boolean isInlineTag() {$/;"	m	line:144	class:ExampleTaglet
isPopFramebufferEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public boolean isPopFramebufferEnabled() {$/;"	m	line:597	class:GLState
isPushFramebufferEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public boolean isPushFramebufferEnabled() {$/;"	m	line:609	class:GLState
isSingleFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public boolean isSingleFBO() {$/;"	m	line:585	class:GLState
isUsingSrcTexRes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  public boolean isUsingSrcTexRes() {$/;"	m	line:50	class:GLTextureGrid
isVisible	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public boolean isVisible() {$/;"	m	line:230	class:GLTextureWindow
isVisible	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  abstract public boolean isVisible();$/;"	m	line:36	class:GLWindow
label	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected String label;$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLShaderVariable
lightCountGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected int lightCountGL = 0;$/;"	f	line:53	class:GLGraphics
lightCountGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected int lightCountGL = 0;$/;"	f	line:61	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightDiffuseGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[][] lightDiffuseGL;$/;"	f	line:82	class:GLGraphics
lightDiffuseGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[][] lightDiffuseGL;$/;"	f	line:90	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightFalloff	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void lightFalloff(float constant, float linear, float quadratic) {$/;"	m	line:672	class:GLGraphics
lightFalloff	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void lightFalloff(float constant, float linear, float quadratic) {$/;"	m	line:836	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightFalloffConstantGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] lightFalloffConstantGL;$/;"	f	line:65	class:GLGraphics
lightFalloffConstantGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] lightFalloffConstantGL;$/;"	f	line:73	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightFalloffLinearGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] lightFalloffLinearGL;$/;"	f	line:66	class:GLGraphics
lightFalloffLinearGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] lightFalloffLinearGL;$/;"	f	line:74	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightFalloffQuadraticGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] lightFalloffQuadraticGL;$/;"	f	line:67	class:GLGraphics
lightFalloffQuadraticGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] lightFalloffQuadraticGL;$/;"	f	line:75	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightNormalGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[][] lightNormalGL;$/;"	f	line:62	class:GLGraphics
lightNormalGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[][] lightNormalGL;$/;"	f	line:70	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightPositionGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[][] lightPositionGL;$/;"	f	line:59	class:GLGraphics
lightPositionGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[][] lightPositionGL;$/;"	f	line:67	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightSpecular	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void lightSpecular(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:691	class:GLGraphics
lightSpecular	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void lightSpecular(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:850	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightSpecularGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[][] lightSpecularGL;$/;"	f	line:88	class:GLGraphics
lightSpecularGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[][] lightSpecularGL;$/;"	f	line:96	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightSpotAngleCosGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] lightSpotAngleCosGL;$/;"	f	line:73	class:GLGraphics
lightSpotAngleCosGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] lightSpotAngleCosGL;$/;"	f	line:81	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightSpotAngleGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] lightSpotAngleGL;$/;"	f	line:70	class:GLGraphics
lightSpotAngleGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] lightSpotAngleGL;$/;"	f	line:78	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightSpotConcentrationGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] lightSpotConcentrationGL;$/;"	f	line:76	class:GLGraphics
lightSpotConcentrationGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] lightSpotConcentrationGL;$/;"	f	line:84	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightTypeGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected int[] lightTypeGL;$/;"	f	line:56	class:GLGraphics
lightTypeGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected int[] lightTypeGL;$/;"	f	line:64	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void lights() {$/;"	m	line:348	class:GLGraphics
lights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void lights() {$/;"	m	line:557	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightsAllocated	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected boolean lightsAllocated = false;$/;"	f	line:103	class:GLGraphics
lightsAllocated	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected boolean lightsAllocated = false;$/;"	f	line:110	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lightsGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected boolean lightsGL = false;$/;"	f	line:51	class:GLGraphics
lightsGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected boolean lightsGL = false;  $/;"	f	line:59	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
lineWidth	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float lineWidth = 1;$/;"	f	line:82	class:GLModel
load	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected void load(String file) {$/;"	m	line:711	class:GLCgFXEffect
loadAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void loadAttributes(int n, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1352	class:GLModel
loadColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadColors(String binaryFN, ArrayList<float[]> colorsList) {$/;"	m	line:2579	class:GLModel
loadColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadColors(XMLElement xml, ArrayList<float[]> colorsList) {$/;"	m	line:2559	class:GLModel
loadColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void loadColors(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:829	class:GLModel
loadFloatArrayFromBinary	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadFloatArrayFromBinary(String filename, float[] data,$/;"	m	line:2156	class:GLModel
loadFloatArrayListFromBinary	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadFloatArrayListFromBinary(String filename,$/;"	m	line:2120	class:GLModel
loadFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void loadFragmentShader(String file) {$/;"	m	line:179	class:GLCgShader
loadFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void loadFragmentShader(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:191	class:GLCgShader
loadFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void loadFragmentShader(String file) {$/;"	m	line:151	class:GLSLShader
loadFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void loadFragmentShader(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:161	class:GLSLShader
loadFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void loadFragmentShader(String file);$/;"	m	line:47	class:GLShader
loadFragmentShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void loadFragmentShader(URL url);  $/;"	m	line:48	class:GLShader
loadGLModelviewMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void loadGLModelviewMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:1217	class:GLGraphics
loadGLModelviewMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void loadGLModelviewMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:1446	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
loadGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void loadGeometryShader(String file) {$/;"	m	line:152	class:GLCgShader
loadGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void loadGeometryShader(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:164	class:GLCgShader
loadGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void loadGeometryShader(String file) {$/;"	m	line:126	class:GLSLShader
loadGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void loadGeometryShader(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:136	class:GLSLShader
loadGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void loadGeometryShader(String file);$/;"	m	line:45	class:GLShader
loadGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void loadGeometryShader(URL url);  $/;"	m	line:46	class:GLShader
loadInputTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void loadInputTextures(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:889	class:GLTextureFilter
loadNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadNormals(String binaryFN, ArrayList<PVector> normalsList) {$/;"	m	line:2603	class:GLModel
loadNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadNormals(XMLElement xml, ArrayList<PVector> normalsList) {$/;"	m	line:2583	class:GLModel
loadNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void loadNormals(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1219	class:GLModel
loadPVectorArrayListFromBinary	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadPVectorArrayListFromBinary(String filename,$/;"	m	line:2073	class:GLModel
loadParameters	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void loadParameters(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:943	class:GLTextureFilter
loadParams	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void loadParams(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:499	class:GLModelEffect
loadPixels	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void loadPixels() {$/;"	m	line:1139	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
loadSpecialParameters	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void loadSpecialParameters(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:922	class:GLTextureFilter
loadTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadTexCoords(String binaryFN, ArrayList<PVector> texCoordsList) {$/;"	m	line:2555	class:GLModel
loadTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadTexCoords(XMLElement xml, ArrayList<PVector> texCoordsList) {$/;"	m	line:2535	class:GLModel
loadTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void loadTexCoords(int n, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1111	class:GLModel
loadTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void loadTexture() {$/;"	m	line:1151	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
loadTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void loadTexture() {$/;"	m	line:713	class:GLTexture
loadTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void loadTexture(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:668	class:GLTexture
loadTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void loadTexture(String filename, GLTextureParameters params) {$/;"	m	line:680	class:GLTexture
loadTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void loadTexture(String filename, int format) {$/;"	m	line:692	class:GLTexture
loadTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void loadTexture(String filename, int format, int filter) {$/;"	m	line:705	class:GLTexture
loadTextureFast	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void loadTextureFast() {$/;"	m	line:739	class:GLTexture
loadTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadTextures(XMLElement xml, GLTexture[] texturesList,$/;"	m	line:2462	class:GLModel
loadTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void loadTextures(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:443	class:GLModelEffect
loadVertAttribs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void loadVertAttribs(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:465	class:GLModelEffect
loadVertexAttrib	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadVertexAttrib(String binaryFN,$/;"	m	line:2628	class:GLModel
loadVertexAttrib	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadVertexAttrib(XMLElement xml,$/;"	m	line:2607	class:GLModel
loadVertexAttribs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadVertexAttribs(XMLElement xml,$/;"	m	line:2487	class:GLModel
loadVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void loadVertexShader(String file) {    $/;"	m	line:125	class:GLCgShader
loadVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void loadVertexShader(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:137	class:GLCgShader
loadVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void loadVertexShader(String file) {$/;"	m	line:101	class:GLSLShader
loadVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void loadVertexShader(URL url) {$/;"	m	line:111	class:GLSLShader
loadVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void loadVertexShader(String file);$/;"	m	line:43	class:GLShader
loadVertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void loadVertexShader(URL url);$/;"	m	line:44	class:GLShader
loadVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadVertices(String binaryFN, ArrayList<PVector> verticesList) {$/;"	m	line:2531	class:GLModel
loadVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadVertices(XMLElement xml, ArrayList<PVector> verticesList) {$/;"	m	line:2511	class:GLModel
loadVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void loadVertices(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:537	class:GLModel
loadXML	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void loadXML(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:2311	class:GLModel
loadXML	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected void loadXML(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:407	class:GLModelEffect
loadXML	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void loadXML(XMLElement xml) {$/;"	m	line:829	class:GLTextureFilter
magFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int magFilter;$/;"	f	line:56	class:GLTexture
magFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public int magFilter;$/;"	f	line:33	class:GLTextureParameters
mainCaps	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected GLCapabilities mainCaps;  $/;"	f	line:42	class:GLTextureWindow
mainContext	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected GLContext mainContext;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLTextureWindow
mainRenderer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLGraphics mainRenderer;$/;"	f	line:112	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
maxBuffSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int maxBuffSize = 3;$/;"	f	line:74	class:GLTexture
maxIndex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int maxIndex;$/;"	f	line:98	class:GLModel
maxIndicesCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int maxIndicesCount;$/;"	f	line:99	class:GLModel
maxNumOutVert	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected int maxNumOutVert;$/;"	f	line:46	class:GLModelEffect
maxNumOutVert	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int maxNumOutVert;  $/;"	f	line:77	class:GLTextureFilter
maxOutVertCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected int maxOutVertCount;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLSLShader
maxSpriteSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  float maxSpriteSize;$/;"	f	line:124	class:GLModel
maxTexCoordS	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected float maxTexCoordS;$/;"	f	line:60	class:GLTexture
maxTexCoordT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected float maxTexCoordT;$/;"	f	line:61	class:GLTexture
minFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int minFilter;$/;"	f	line:55	class:GLTexture
minFilter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public int minFilter;$/;"	f	line:32	class:GLTextureParameters
minIndex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int minIndex;$/;"	f	line:97	class:GLModel
mode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int mode;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model) {$/;"	m	line:972	class:GLGraphics
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, GLModelEffect effect) {$/;"	m	line:976	class:GLGraphics
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, float x, float y, float z, int first,$/;"	m	line:988	class:GLGraphics
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, int first, int last) {$/;"	m	line:980	class:GLGraphics
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, int first, int last, GLModelEffect effect) {$/;"	m	line:984	class:GLGraphics
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model) {$/;"	m	line:1048	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, GLModelEffect effect) {$/;"	m	line:1052	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, int first, int last) {$/;"	m	line:1056	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
model	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void model(GLModel model, int first, int last, GLModelEffect effect) {$/;"	m	line:1060	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
modelX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float modelX(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:950	class:GLGraphics
modelY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float modelY(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:956	class:GLGraphics
modelZ	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float modelZ(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:962	class:GLGraphics
modelviewTM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] modelviewTM;$/;"	f	line:42	class:GLGraphics
modelviewTM	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] modelviewTM;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
multGLModelviewMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void multGLModelviewMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:1225	class:GLGraphics
multGLModelviewMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void multGLModelviewMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:1452	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
multiTexAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean multiTexAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLState
multisampleEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected boolean multisampleEnabled;$/;"	f	line:46	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
multisampleFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected GLFramebufferObject multisampleFBO;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
multisampleLevel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected int multisampleLevel = 4;$/;"	f	line:45	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
name	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected String name;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLShaderVariable
name	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected String name = "";$/;"	f	line:68	class:GLTexture
name	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected String name;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLTextureWindow
natBuf	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^    Object natBuf;$/;"	f	line:2184	class:GLTexture.PixelData
noBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void noBlend() {$/;"	m	line:1000	class:GLGraphics
noBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void noBlend() {$/;"	m	line:1068	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
noBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void noBlend() {$/;"	m	line:1516	class:GLModel
noBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void noBlend() {$/;"	m	line:425	class:GLTextureFilter
noCrop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void noCrop() {$/;"	m	line:407	class:GLTextureFilter
noDelays	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    int noDelays;$/;"	f	line:389	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
noLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void noLights() {$/;"	m	line:431	class:GLGraphics
noLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void noLights() {$/;"	m	line:626	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
noTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void noTint() {$/;"	m	line:1627	class:GLModel
noTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void noTint() {$/;"	m	line:293	class:GLTextureFilter
nonTwoPowTexAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean nonTwoPowTexAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLState
normCoordsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] normCoordsVBO = null;$/;"	f	line:70	class:GLModel
normals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public FloatBuffer normals;$/;"	f	line:106	class:GLModel
ntex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public int ntex;$/;"	f	line:180	class:GLTexturedPoint
numAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int numAttributes;$/;"	f	line:89	class:GLModel
numDrawBuffersInUse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  protected int numDrawBuffersInUse;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLFramebufferObject
numInputTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int numInputTex;$/;"	f	line:57	class:GLTextureFilter
numLayers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int numLayers; \/\/ Number of layers. Each layer is one textured point$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
numLayers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected int numLayers; \/\/ Number of layers. Layer 0 stores the actual grid,$/;"	f	line:36	class:GLTextureGridDirect
numOutputTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected int numOutputTex;$/;"	f	line:58	class:GLTextureFilter
numParams	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected int numParams;$/;"	f	line:51	class:GLModelEffect
numTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int numTexCoords;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
numTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int numTextures;$/;"	f	line:95	class:GLModel
numTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected int numTextures;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLModelEffect
numTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int numTextures;  $/;"	f	line:50	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
numVertAttribs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected int numVertAttribs;$/;"	f	line:54	class:GLModelEffect
numVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int numVertices;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
offScreenRenderer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected GLGraphicsOffScreen offScreenRenderer = null;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLGraphics
ortho	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void ortho() {$/;"	m	line:874	class:GLGraphics
ortho	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void ortho(float left, float right, float bottom, float top,$/;"	m	line:882	class:GLGraphics
ortho	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void ortho() {$/;"	m	line:1014	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
ortho	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void ortho(float left, float right, float bottom, float top,$/;"	m	line:1018	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
outGeoPrim	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String outGeoPrim;$/;"	f	line:45	class:GLModelEffect
outGeoPrim	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String outGeoPrim;$/;"	f	line:76	class:GLTextureFilter
outTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected GLTexture outTex;$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLTextureWindow
overSleepTime	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    long overSleepTime;$/;"	f	line:388	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
override	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected boolean override;$/;"	f	line:27	class:GLWindow
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:1505	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1538	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1562	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1588	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(int gray) {$/;"	m	line:1495	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1516	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1527	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:1550	class:GLTexture
paint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void paint(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1575	class:GLTexture
paintTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void paintTex(int glid, int target, int w, int h, int color) {$/;"	m	line:475	class:GLState
par	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  protected CGparameter par;$/;"	f	line:28	class:GLCgShaderParameter
paramsArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected GLModelEffectParameter[] paramsArray;$/;"	f	line:53	class:GLModelEffect
paramsArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureFilterParameter[] paramsArray;$/;"	f	line:51	class:GLTextureFilter
paramsHashMap	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected HashMap<String, GLModelEffectParameter> paramsHashMap;  $/;"	f	line:52	class:GLModelEffect
paramsHashMap	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected HashMap<String, GLTextureFilterParameter> paramsHashMap;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLTextureFilter
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLCgFXEffect
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:52	class:GLModel
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLModelEffect
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:31	class:GLShader
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLShaderVariable
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLTextureFilter
parent	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected PApplet parent;$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLTextureWindow
parsePrimitive	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLUtils.java	/^  static public int parsePrimitive(String type) {$/;"	m	line:64	class:GLUtils
parsePrimitive	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLUtils.java	/^  static public int parsePrimitive(int type) {$/;"	m	line:31	class:GLUtils
parseVBOMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLUtils.java	/^  static public int parseVBOMode(String modeStr) {$/;"	m	line:98	class:GLUtils
pbo	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int pbo = 0;$/;"	f	line:64	class:GLTexture
pboTarget	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int pboTarget;$/;"	f	line:65	class:GLTexture
pboUsage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int pboUsage;$/;"	f	line:66	class:GLTexture
perspective	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void perspective() {$/;"	m	line:895	class:GLGraphics
perspective	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void perspective(float fov, float aspect, float near, float far) {$/;"	m	line:903	class:GLGraphics
perspective	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void perspective() {$/;"	m	line:1027	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
perspective	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void perspective(float fov, float aspect, float near, float far) {$/;"	m	line:1031	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
pgl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected PGraphicsOpenGL pgl;$/;"	f	line:54	class:GLModel
pgl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected PGraphicsOpenGL pgl;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLModelEffect
pgl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  protected PGraphicsOpenGL pgl;  $/;"	f	line:32	class:GLShader
pgl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected PGraphicsOpenGL pgl;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLTexture
pgl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected PGraphicsOpenGL pgl;$/;"	f	line:46	class:GLTextureFilter
pgl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected GLGraphics pgl;$/;"	f	line:44	class:GLTextureWindow
pixelBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected LinkedList<PixelData> pixelBuffer = null;  $/;"	f	line:73	class:GLTexture
pointLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void pointLight(float r, float g, float b, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:558	class:GLGraphics
pointLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void pointLight(float r, float g, float b, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:733	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
pointSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float pointSize = 1;$/;"	f	line:81	class:GLModel
points	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected GLTexturedPoint[] points; \/\/ Number of points in the grid, along$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
polyMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  int polyMode;$/;"	f	line:45	class:GLTextureFilter
popDestTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void popDestTextures() {$/;"	m	line:679	class:GLState
popFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void popFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:650	class:GLState
popFramebufferEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static boolean popFramebufferEnabled = true;$/;"	f	line:61	class:GLState
popMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void popMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:289	class:GLGraphics
popMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void popMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:498	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
printFramebufferError	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLUtils.java	/^  static void printFramebufferError(int status) {$/;"	m	line:111	class:GLUtils
program	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  protected int program;$/;"	f	line:29	class:GLCgShaderParameter
programObject	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected int programObject;$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLSLShader
pushDestTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void pushDestTextures() {$/;"	m	line:662	class:GLState
pushFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void pushFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:637	class:GLState
pushFramebufferEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static boolean pushFramebufferEnabled = true;$/;"	f	line:62	class:GLState
pushMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void pushMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:280	class:GLGraphics
pushMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void pushMatrix() {$/;"	m	line:489	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
putBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void putBuffer(int glFormat, int glType, IntBuffer buffer) {$/;"	m	line:1072	class:GLTexture
putBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putBuffer(float[] floatArray) {$/;"	m	line:1106	class:GLTexture
putBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putBuffer(float[] floatArray, int nchan) {$/;"	m	line:1116	class:GLTexture
putBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putBuffer(int[] intArray) {$/;"	m	line:978	class:GLTexture
putBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putBuffer(int[] intArray, int format) {$/;"	m	line:989	class:GLTexture
putBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putBuffer(int[] intArray, int format, int type) {$/;"	m	line:1022	class:GLTexture
putByteBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putByteBuffer(int[] intArray, int format) {$/;"	m	line:1000	class:GLTexture
putColorInTmpArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void putColorInTmpArray(int i, int color) {$/;"	m	line:2201	class:GLModel
putImage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putImage(PImage img) {$/;"	m	line:503	class:GLTexture
putImage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putImage(PImage img, GLTextureParameters params) {$/;"	m	line:534	class:GLTexture
putImage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putImage(PImage img, int format) {$/;"	m	line:513	class:GLTexture
putImage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putImage(PImage img, int format, int filter) {$/;"	m	line:524	class:GLTexture
putIntBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putIntBuffer(int[] intArray, int format) {$/;"	m	line:1011	class:GLTexture
putPixelsIntoTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public boolean putPixelsIntoTexture() {$/;"	m	line:1648	class:GLTexture
putPixelsIntoTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putPixelsIntoTexture(PImage img) {$/;"	m	line:556	class:GLTexture
putPixelsIntoTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void putPixelsIntoTexture(PImage img, int x, int y, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:593	class:GLTexture
r	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    float r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	line:366	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
readFile	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^     String readFile(String theExample) { $/;"	m	line:207	class:ExampleTaglet
readTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  protected int readTex;$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLTexturePingPong
ready	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public boolean ready() {$/;"	m	line:316	class:GLTextureWindow
ready	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  abstract public boolean ready();$/;"	m	line:38	class:GLWindow
register	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public static void register(Map tagletMap) {$/;"	m	line:152	class:ExampleTaglet
release	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected void release() {$/;"	m	line:734	class:GLCgFXEffect
release	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected void release() {$/;"	m	line:562	class:GLCgShader
release	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected void release() {$/;"	m	line:613	class:GLSLShader
releaseContext	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    protected void releaseContext() {$/;"	m	line:496	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
releaseFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void releaseFramebuffer() {$/;"	m	line:1263	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
releaseGrid	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected void releaseGrid() {$/;"	m	line:342	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
releaseModel	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void releaseModel() {$/;"	m	line:2280	class:GLModel
releasePBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void releasePBO() {$/;"	m	line:2078	class:GLTexture
releaseTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void releaseTexture() {$/;"	m	line:2070	class:GLTexture
removeWindow	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void removeWindow(GLWindow win) {$/;"	m	line:135	class:GLGraphics
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void render() {$/;"	m	line:1868	class:GLModel
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void render(GLModelEffect effect) {$/;"	m	line:1876	class:GLModel
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void render(int first, int last) {$/;"	m	line:1884	class:GLModel
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void render(int first, int last, GLModelEffect effect) {$/;"	m	line:1888	class:GLModel
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void render() {$/;"	m	line:909	class:GLTexture
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void render(PGraphicsOpenGL renderer, float x, float y, float w,$/;"	m	line:947	class:GLTexture
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void render(PGraphicsOpenGL renderer, float x, float y, float w,$/;"	m	line:952	class:GLTexture
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void render(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:920	class:GLTexture
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void render(float x, float y, float w, float h) {$/;"	m	line:933	class:GLTexture
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  abstract public void render(int sW, int sH, int dW, int dH, int l, $/;"	m	line:47	class:GLTextureGrid
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  public void render(int sW, int sH, int dW, int dH, int l) {$/;"	m	line:42	class:GLTextureGrid
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  public void render(int sW, int sH, int dW, int dH, int l,$/;"	m	line:72	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  public void render(int sW, int sH, int dW, int dH, int l, $/;"	m	line:51	class:GLTextureGridDirect
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void render() {$/;"	m	line:338	class:GLTextureWindow
render	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  abstract public void render();$/;"	m	line:40	class:GLWindow
renderTriangles	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void renderTriangles(int start, int stop) {$/;"	m	line:1065	class:GLGraphics
renderTriangles	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected void renderTriangles(int start, int stop) {$/;"	m	line:1294	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
renderWindows	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void renderWindows() {$/;"	m	line:1028	class:GLGraphics
renderer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected GLRenderer renderer;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLTextureWindow
replaceIncludes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  protected void replaceIncludes(String[] lines) {$/;"	m	line:745	class:GLCgFXEffect
replaceIncludes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected void replaceIncludes(String[] lines) {$/;"	m	line:625	class:GLCgShader
resX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int resX, resY; \/\/ Number of points in the grid, along each$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
resX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected int resX, resY; \/\/ Number of points in the grid, along each$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLTextureGridDirect
resY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int resX, resY; \/\/ Number of points in the grid, along each$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
resY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected int resX, resY; \/\/ Number of points in the grid, along each$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLTextureGridDirect
resetBounds	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void resetBounds() {$/;"	m	line:764	class:GLModel
resetSelectedPass	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void resetSelectedPass() {$/;"	m	line:126	class:GLCgFXEffect
reshape	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public void reshape(GLAutoDrawable drawable, int x, int y, int width,$/;"	m	line:478	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
resizable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected boolean resizable;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLTextureWindow
restoreBlendConfig	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void restoreBlendConfig() {$/;"	m	line:522	class:GLState
restoreGLConf	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void restoreGLConf() {$/;"	m	line:702	class:GLTextureFilter
restoreGLMatrices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void restoreGLMatrices() {$/;"	m	line:374	class:GLState
restoreGLState	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void restoreGLState() {$/;"	m	line:362	class:GLState
restoreLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void restoreLights() {$/;"	m	line:384	class:GLGraphics
restoreLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void restoreLights() {$/;"	m	line:584	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
restoreView	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void restoreView() {$/;"	m	line:352	class:GLState
restoreVisibility	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected boolean restoreVisibility = false;$/;"	f	line:45	class:GLTextureWindow
rgbBuf	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^    IntBuffer rgbBuf;$/;"	f	line:2186	class:GLTexture.PixelData
rotate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void rotate(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:304	class:GLGraphics
rotate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void rotate(float angle, float vx, float vy, float vz) {$/;"	m	line:324	class:GLGraphics
rotate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void rotate(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:513	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
rotate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void rotate(float angle, float vx, float vy, float vz) {$/;"	m	line:533	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
rotateX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void rotateX(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:309	class:GLGraphics
rotateX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void rotateX(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:518	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
rotateY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void rotateY(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:314	class:GLGraphics
rotateY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void rotateY(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:523	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
rotateZ	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void rotateZ(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:319	class:GLGraphics
rotateZ	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void rotateZ(float angle) {$/;"	m	line:528	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
run	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    public void run() {$/;"	m	line:502	class:GLTextureWindow.RendererThread
s	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float[] s, t, ds, dt;$/;"	f	line:179	class:GLTexturedPoint
saveAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveAttributes(String filename, ArrayList<float[]> iattrib,$/;"	m	line:1342	class:GLModel
saveAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveAttributes(int n, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1365	class:GLModel
saveBlendConfig	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void saveBlendConfig() {$/;"	m	line:517	class:GLState
saveColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveColors(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:841	class:GLModel
saveColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveColors(String filename, ArrayList<float[]> icolors) {$/;"	m	line:820	class:GLModel
saveFloatArrayToBinary	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void saveFloatArrayToBinary(String fileName, float[] data,$/;"	m	line:2176	class:GLModel
saveFloatArrayToBinary	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void saveFloatArrayToBinary(String fileName,$/;"	m	line:2138	class:GLModel
saveGLMatrices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void saveGLMatrices() {$/;"	m	line:367	class:GLState
saveGLState	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void saveGLState() {$/;"	m	line:357	class:GLState
saveLightCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected int saveLightCount;$/;"	f	line:101	class:GLGraphics
saveLightCount	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected int saveLightCount;$/;"	f	line:108	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
saveLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void saveLights() {$/;"	m	line:372	class:GLGraphics
saveLights	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void saveLights() {$/;"	m	line:577	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
saveNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveNormals(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1231	class:GLModel
saveNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveNormals(String filename, ArrayList<PVector> norms) {$/;"	m	line:1210	class:GLModel
savePVectorArrayListToBinary	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void savePVectorArrayListToBinary(String fileName,$/;"	m	line:2098	class:GLModel
saveTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveTexCoords(String filename, ArrayList<PVector> itexCoords) {$/;"	m	line:1101	class:GLModel
saveTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveTexCoords(int n, String filename) {$/;"	m	line:1123	class:GLModel
saveVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveVertices(String filename) {$/;"	m	line:551	class:GLModel
saveVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void saveVertices(String filename, ArrayList<PVector> verts) {$/;"	m	line:528	class:GLModel
saveView	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void saveView() {$/;"	m	line:347	class:GLState
scale	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void scale(float s) {$/;"	m	line:329	class:GLGraphics
scale	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void scale(float sx, float sy) {$/;"	m	line:334	class:GLGraphics
scale	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void scale(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:339	class:GLGraphics
scale	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void scale(float s) {$/;"	m	line:538	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
scale	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void scale(float sx, float sy) {$/;"	m	line:543	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
scale	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void scale(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:548	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
scaleCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public void scaleCoords(int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:152	class:GLTexturedPoint
screenFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static GLFramebufferObject screenFBO;$/;"	f	line:79	class:GLState
screenX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float screenX(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:924	class:GLGraphics
screenX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float screenX(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:932	class:GLGraphics
screenY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float screenY(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:928	class:GLGraphics
screenY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float screenY(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:938	class:GLGraphics
screenZ	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public float screenZ(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:944	class:GLGraphics
selectFirstPass	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public boolean selectFirstPass() {$/;"	m	line:135	class:GLCgFXEffect
selectNextPass	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public boolean selectNextPass() {$/;"	m	line:146	class:GLCgFXEffect
setAsUndefined	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public void setAsUndefined() {$/;"	m	line:143	class:GLTexturedPoint
setAttribArrayPointer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShaderAttribute.java	/^  public void setAttribArrayPointer(int size, boolean normalized, int fist) {$/;"	m	line:79	class:GLSLShaderAttribute
setAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setAttribute(int i, String aname, int asize) {$/;"	m	line:297	class:GLModel
setBlendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void setBlendMode(int MODE) {$/;"	m	line:1009	class:GLGraphics
setBlendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void setBlendMode(int MODE) {$/;"	m	line:1077	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
setBlendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setBlendMode(int MODE) {$/;"	m	line:1525	class:GLModel
setBlendMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setBlendMode(int MODE) {$/;"	m	line:434	class:GLTextureFilter
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:950	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:983	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1007	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1035	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:961	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:972	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:995	class:GLModel
setColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setColors(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1021	class:GLModel
setCrop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setCrop(int x, int y, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:414	class:GLTextureFilter
setDefaultBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void setDefaultBlend() {$/;"	m	line:1004	class:GLGraphics
setDefaultBlend	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void setDefaultBlend() {$/;"	m	line:1072	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
setDepthMask	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void setDepthMask(boolean value) {$/;"	m	line:260	class:GLGraphics
setDepthMask	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void setDepthMask(boolean value) {$/;"	m	line:460	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
setDestTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void setDestTexture(GLTexture destTex) {$/;"	m	line:666	class:GLState
setDestTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void setDestTextures(GLTexture[] destTex) {$/;"	m	line:670	class:GLState
setDestTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void setDestTextures(GLTexture[] destTex, int n) {$/;"	m	line:674	class:GLState
setDrawBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void setDrawBuffer(GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:78	class:GLFramebufferObject
setDrawBuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void setDrawBuffer(int target, int texid) {$/;"	m	line:107	class:GLFramebufferObject
setDrawBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void setDrawBuffers(GLTexture[] drawTextures) {$/;"	m	line:82	class:GLFramebufferObject
setDrawBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void setDrawBuffers(GLTexture[] drawTextures, int n) {$/;"	m	line:86	class:GLFramebufferObject
setDrawBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void setDrawBuffers(int[] texTargets, int[] texIDs) {$/;"	m	line:111	class:GLFramebufferObject
setDrawBuffers	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  void setDrawBuffers(int[] texTargets, int[] texIDs, int n) {$/;"	m	line:116	class:GLFramebufferObject
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:1760	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1793	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1817	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1845	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1771	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1782	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:1805	class:GLModel
setEmission	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setEmission(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1831	class:GLModel
setEmissiveColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void setEmissiveColor(int color) {$/;"	m	line:1854	class:GLModel
setFirstTechnique	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setFirstTechnique() {$/;"	m	line:95	class:GLCgFXEffect
setFlippedX	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setFlippedX(boolean v) {$/;"	m	line:476	class:GLTexture
setFlippedY	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setFlippedY(boolean v) {$/;"	m	line:494	class:GLTexture
setFloatAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setFloatAttribute(String name, float x) {$/;"	m	line:506	class:GLSLShader
setFloatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setFloatParameter(String param, float x) {$/;"	m	line:186	class:GLCgFXEffect
setFloatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setFloatParameter(String name, float x) {$/;"	m	line:339	class:GLCgShader
setFloatParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setFloatParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float x) {$/;"	m	line:546	class:GLCgFXEffect
setFloatUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setFloatUniform(String name, float x) {$/;"	m	line:376	class:GLSLShader
setFramebuffer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void setFramebuffer(GLFramebufferObject fbo) {$/;"	m	line:642	class:GLState
setFramebufferFixed	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  static public void setFramebufferFixed(boolean newVal) {$/;"	m	line:613	class:GLState
setGLConf	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void setGLConf(int w, int h) {    $/;"	m	line:683	class:GLTextureFilter
setIntParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setIntParameter(String param, int x) {$/;"	m	line:172	class:GLCgFXEffect
setIntParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setIntParameter(String name, int x) {$/;"	m	line:328	class:GLCgShader
setIntParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setIntParameterBySemantic(String semantic, int x) {$/;"	m	line:532	class:GLCgFXEffect
setIntUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setIntUniform(String name, int x) {$/;"	m	line:365	class:GLSLShader
setLineWidth	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setLineWidth(float w) {$/;"	m	line:1458	class:GLModel
setLocation	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void setLocation(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	line:359	class:GLTextureWindow
setMatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatParameter(String param, float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03,$/;"	m	line:297	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatParameter(String param, float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	line:270	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatParameter(String param, float m00, float m01,$/;"	m	line:249	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setMatParameter(String name,  float m00, float m01,$/;"	m	line:390	class:GLCgShader
setMatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setMatParameter(String name, float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03,$/;"	m	line:436	class:GLCgShader
setMatParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setMatParameter(String name, float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	line:410	class:GLCgShader
setMatParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03,$/;"	m	line:657	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	line:630	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float m00, float m01,$/;"	m	line:609	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setMatUniform(String name, float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03,$/;"	m	line:473	class:GLSLShader
setMatUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setMatUniform(String name, float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	line:447	class:GLSLShader
setMatUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setMatUniform(String name, float m00, float m01,$/;"	m	line:427	class:GLSLShader
setMatrixParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatrixParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float[] mat) {$/;"	m	line:691	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatrixParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatrixParameterBySemantic(String semantic, int matrix) {$/;"	m	line:376	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMatrixParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setMatrixParameterBySemantic(String semantic, int matrix, int gltransform) {$/;"	m	line:390	class:GLCgFXEffect
setMaxIndex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setMaxIndex(int max) {$/;"	m	line:456	class:GLModel
setMaxSpriteSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setMaxSpriteSize(float s) {$/;"	m	line:1474	class:GLModel
setMinIndex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setMinIndex(int min) {$/;"	m	line:447	class:GLModel
setModelviewMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setModelviewMatrix(String param) {$/;"	m	line:330	class:GLCgFXEffect
setModelviewMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setModelviewMatrix(String name) {$/;"	m	line:468	class:GLCgShader
setModelviewMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setModelviewMatrixBySemantic(String semantic) {$/;"	m	line:405	class:GLCgFXEffect
setModelviewMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setModelviewMatrixBySemantic(String semantic, int gltransform) {$/;"	m	line:419	class:GLCgFXEffect
setModelviewProjectionMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setModelviewProjectionMatrix(String param) {$/;"	m	line:352	class:GLCgFXEffect
setModelviewProjectionMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setModelviewProjectionMatrix(String name) {$/;"	m	line:488	class:GLCgShader
setModelviewProjectionMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setModelviewProjectionMatrixBySemantic(String semantic) {$/;"	m	line:462	class:GLCgFXEffect
setModelviewProjectionMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setModelviewProjectionMatrixBySemantic(String semantic, int gltransform) {$/;"	m	line:475	class:GLCgFXEffect
setName	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setName(String str) {$/;"	m	line:376	class:GLTexture
setNewTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public void setNewTex(int idx) {$/;"	m	line:122	class:GLTexturePingPong
setOffScreenRenderer	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected void setOffScreenRenderer(GLGraphicsOffScreen renderer) {$/;"	m	line:1256	class:GLGraphics
setOldTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public void setOldTex(int idx) {$/;"	m	line:104	class:GLTexturePingPong
setOrthographicView	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public void setOrthographicView(int w, int h) {$/;"	m	line:335	class:GLState
setOverride	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void setOverride(boolean override) {$/;"	m	line:203	class:GLTextureWindow
setOverride	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  public void setOverride(boolean val) {$/;"	m	line:58	class:GLWindow
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, float value) {$/;"	m	line:169	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, float[] value) {$/;"	m	line:184	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, int i, float value) {$/;"	m	line:199	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, int i, int j, float value) {$/;"	m	line:215	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, int value) {$/;"	m	line:155	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, float value) {$/;"	m	line:298	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, float[] value) {$/;"	m	line:309	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, int i, float value) {$/;"	m	line:320	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, int i, int j, float value) {$/;"	m	line:332	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, int value) {$/;"	m	line:288	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, float value) {$/;"	m	line:469	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, float[] value) {$/;"	m	line:484	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, int i, float value) {$/;"	m	line:499	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, int i, int j, float value) {$/;"	m	line:515	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(String paramName, int value) {$/;"	m	line:455	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, float value) {$/;"	m	line:598	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, float[] value) {$/;"	m	line:609	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, int i, float value) {$/;"	m	line:620	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, int i, int j, float value) {$/;"	m	line:632	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValue(int n, int value) {$/;"	m	line:588	class:GLTextureFilter
setParameterValues	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setParameterValues(float[]... values) {$/;"	m	line:229	class:GLModelEffect
setParameterValues	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setParameterValues(float[]... values) {$/;"	m	line:529	class:GLTextureFilter
setPixelBufferSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setPixelBufferSize(int n) {$/;"	m	line:1675	class:GLTexture
setPixelSource	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setPixelSource(Object obj) {$/;"	m	line:1632	class:GLTexture
setPointSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setPointSize(float s) {$/;"	m	line:1462	class:GLModel
setProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setProgram(int p) {$/;"	m	line:293	class:GLCgShader
setProgramType	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShaderParameter.java	/^  public void setProgramType(int type) {$/;"	m	line:62	class:GLCgShaderParameter
setProjectionMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setProjectionMatrix(String param) {$/;"	m	line:341	class:GLCgFXEffect
setProjectionMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setProjectionMatrix(String name) {$/;"	m	line:478	class:GLCgShader
setProjectionMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setProjectionMatrixBySemantic(String semantic) {$/;"	m	line:434	class:GLCgFXEffect
setProjectionMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setProjectionMatrixBySemantic(String semantic, int gltransform) {$/;"	m	line:447	class:GLCgFXEffect
setRandom	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setRandom(float r0, float r1, float g0, float g1, float b0,$/;"	m	line:1292	class:GLTexture
setRandomDir2D	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setRandomDir2D(float r0, float r1, float phi0, float phi1) {$/;"	m	line:1314	class:GLTexture
setRandomDir3D	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setRandomDir3D(float r0, float r1, float phi0, float phi1,$/;"	m	line:1340	class:GLTexture
setReadTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public void setReadTex(int idx) {$/;"	m	line:66	class:GLTexturePingPong
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:1651	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1684	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1708	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1736	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1662	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1673	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:1696	class:GLModel
setReflection	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setReflection(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1722	class:GLModel
setSelectedPass	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setSelectedPass() {$/;"	m	line:117	class:GLCgFXEffect
setShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void setShader(GLShader shader) {$/;"	m	line:43	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
setShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public void setShader(GLShader shader) {$/;"	m	line:100	class:GLShaderVariable
setShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void setShader(GLShader shader);$/;"	m	line:46	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
setShininess	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setShininess(float val) {$/;"	m	line:1850	class:GLModel
setSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void setSize(int iwidth, int iheight) {$/;"	m	line:156	class:GLGraphics
setSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void setSize(int iwidth, int iheight) {$/;"	m	line:272	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
setSpecularColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void setSpecularColor(int color) {$/;"	m	line:1741	class:GLModel
setSpriteSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setSpriteSize(float s) {$/;"	m	line:1481	class:GLModel
setSpriteSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setSpriteSize(float s, float d) {$/;"	m	line:1491	class:GLModel
setSpriteSize	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setSpriteSize(float s, float d, boolean quadratic) {$/;"	m	line:1502	class:GLModel
setTechnique	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setTechnique(String name) {$/;"	m	line:107	class:GLCgFXEffect
setTexCoord	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridDirect.java	/^  protected void setTexCoord(int i, int j, int l, float sc0, float sc1, float tc0, float tc1) {$/;"	m	line:97	class:GLTextureGridDirect
setTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public void setTexCoords(int n, float s, float t) {$/;"	m	line:129	class:GLTexturedPoint
setTexCoordsDelta	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public void setTexCoordsDelta(int n, float ds, float dt) {$/;"	m	line:136	class:GLTexturedPoint
setTexMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setTexMatrix(String param) {$/;"	m	line:363	class:GLCgFXEffect
setTexParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setTexParameter(String param, GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:158	class:GLCgFXEffect
setTexParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setTexParameter(String name, GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:317	class:GLCgShader
setTexParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setTexParameterBySemantic(String semantic, GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:518	class:GLCgFXEffect
setTexUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setTexUniform(String name, GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:346	class:GLSLShader
setTexUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setTexUniform(String name, int unit) {$/;"	m	line:334	class:GLSLShader
setTexUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void setTexUniform(int tu) {$/;"	m	line:1617	class:GLTexture
setTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTexture(int i, GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:465	class:GLModel
setTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void setTexture(GLTexture tex) {$/;"	m	line:194	class:GLTextureWindow
setTextureMatrix	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setTextureMatrix(String name) {$/;"	m	line:498	class:GLCgShader
setTextureMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setTextureMatrixBySemantic(String semantic) {$/;"	m	line:490	class:GLCgFXEffect
setTextureMatrixBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setTextureMatrixBySemantic(String semantic, int gltransform) {$/;"	m	line:503	class:GLCgFXEffect
setTextureParams	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void setTextureParams(GLTextureParameters params) {$/;"	m	line:2089	class:GLTexture
setTextures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setTextures(GLTexture[] textures) {$/;"	m	line:108	class:GLModelEffect
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:1535	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1568	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1592	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1618	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1546	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:1557	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:1580	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void setTint(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:1605	class:GLModel
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(float gray) {$/;"	m	line:302	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:335	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:359	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:385	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:313	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:324	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:347	class:GLTextureFilter
setTint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  public void setTint(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:372	class:GLTextureFilter
setTintColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void setTintColor(int color) {$/;"	m	line:1632	class:GLModel
setTintColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void setTintColor(int color) {$/;"	m	line:390	class:GLTextureFilter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void setValue(float value) {$/;"	m	line:77	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void setValue(float[] value) {$/;"	m	line:87	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void setValue(int i, float value) {$/;"	m	line:97	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void setValue(int i, int j, float value) {$/;"	m	line:101	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  public void setValue(int value) {$/;"	m	line:68	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public void setValue(float value) {$/;"	m	line:132	class:GLShaderVariable
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public void setValue(float[] value) {$/;"	m	line:145	class:GLShaderVariable
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public void setValue(int i, float value) {$/;"	m	line:171	class:GLShaderVariable
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public void setValue(int i, int j, float value) {$/;"	m	line:191	class:GLShaderVariable
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  public void setValue(int value) {$/;"	m	line:120	class:GLShaderVariable
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setValue(float r, float g, float b, float a) {$/;"	m	line:1368	class:GLTexture
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void setValue(float value);$/;"	m	line:71	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void setValue(float[] value);$/;"	m	line:79	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void setValue(int i, float value);$/;"	m	line:87	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void setValue(int i, int j, float value);$/;"	m	line:96	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
setValue	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  abstract public void setValue(int value);$/;"	m	line:64	class:GLTextureFilterParameter
setVecAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setVecAttribute(String name, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:518	class:GLSLShader
setVecAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setVecAttribute(String name, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:531	class:GLSLShader
setVecAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setVecAttribute(String name, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:545	class:GLSLShader
setVecParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setVecParameter(String param, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:201	class:GLCgFXEffect
setVecParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setVecParameter(String param, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:217	class:GLCgFXEffect
setVecParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setVecParameter(String param, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:234	class:GLCgFXEffect
setVecParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setVecParameter(String name, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:351	class:GLCgShader
setVecParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setVecParameter(String name, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:364	class:GLCgShader
setVecParameter	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setVecParameter(String name, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:378	class:GLCgShader
setVecParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setVecParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:561	class:GLCgFXEffect
setVecParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setVecParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:577	class:GLCgFXEffect
setVecParameterBySemantic	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void setVecParameterBySemantic(String semantic, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:594	class:GLCgFXEffect
setVecUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setVecUniform(String name, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:388	class:GLSLShader
setVecUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setVecUniform(String name, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:401	class:GLSLShader
setVecUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setVecUniform(String name, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:415	class:GLSLShader
setVertexAttribs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void setVertexAttribs(int[] attribVBO, String[] attribName, int[] attribSize) {$/;"	m	line:124	class:GLModelEffect
setWriteTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public void setWriteTex(int idx) {$/;"	m	line:85	class:GLTexturePingPong
setZero	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void setZero() {$/;"	m	line:1383	class:GLTexture
setup	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void setup() {$/;"	m	line:204	class:GLCgShader
setup	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setup() {$/;"	m	line:174	class:GLSLShader
setup	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void setup();$/;"	m	line:50	class:GLShader
setupBlending	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void setupBlending(int mode) {$/;"	m	line:528	class:GLState
setupDefaultBlending	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected void setupDefaultBlending() {$/;"	m	line:570	class:GLState
setupGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setupGeometryShader(String inGeoPrim, String outGeoPrim) {$/;"	m	line:261	class:GLSLShader
setupGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setupGeometryShader(String inGeoPrim, String outGeoPrim, int maxOutVert) {$/;"	m	line:279	class:GLSLShader
setupGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setupGeometryShader(int inGeoPrim, int outGeoPrim) {$/;"	m	line:226	class:GLSLShader
setupGeometryShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void setupGeometryShader(int inGeoPrim, int outGeoPrim, int maxOutVert) {$/;"	m	line:244	class:GLSLShader
setupGeometryShaderImpl	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected void setupGeometryShaderImpl(int inGeoGL, int outGeoGL, int maxOutVert) {$/;"	m	line:288	class:GLSLShader
setupShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  void setupShader(GLTexture[] srcTex, int w, int h, float destR, float destG,$/;"	m	line:1088	class:GLTextureFilter
shader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected GLSLShader shader;$/;"	f	line:40	class:GLModelEffect
shader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected GLShader shader;$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLShaderVariable
shader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLShader shader;$/;"	f	line:56	class:GLTextureFilter
shadersAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean shadersAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLState
shininess	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] shininess = { 0 };$/;"	f	line:79	class:GLModel
show	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void show() {$/;"	m	line:210	class:GLTextureWindow
show	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  abstract public void show();$/;"	m	line:32	class:GLWindow
singleFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  protected static boolean singleFBO;$/;"	f	line:60	class:GLState
size	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int size;$/;"	f	line:56	class:GLModel
specularColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] specularColor = { 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f };$/;"	f	line:77	class:GLModel
spotLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void spotLight(float r, float g, float b, float x, float y, float z,$/;"	m	line:606	class:GLGraphics
spotLight	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void spotLight(float r, float g, float b, float x, float y, float z,$/;"	m	line:776	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
spriteDistAtt	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float spriteDistAtt[] = { 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f };$/;"	f	line:127	class:GLModel
srcTexIdx	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  protected int srcTexIdx;$/;"	f	line:31	class:GLTextureGrid
srcTexInUse	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  public int srcTexInUse() {$/;"	m	line:54	class:GLTextureGrid
srcTexNames	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String[] srcTexNames;$/;"	f	line:60	class:GLTextureFilter
srcTexOffsetNames	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String[] srcTexOffsetNames;$/;"	f	line:61	class:GLTextureFilter
srcTexOffsetParams	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureFilterParameter[] srcTexOffsetParams;$/;"	f	line:66	class:GLTextureFilter
srcTexUnitParams	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected GLTextureFilterParameter[] srcTexUnitParams;$/;"	f	line:65	class:GLTextureFilter
start	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void start() {$/;"	m	line:83	class:GLCgFXEffect
start	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void start() {$/;"	m	line:227	class:GLCgShader
start	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void start() {$/;"	m	line:97	class:GLModelEffect
start	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void start() {$/;"	m	line:199	class:GLSLShader
start	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void start();$/;"	m	line:51	class:GLShader
started	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^    boolean started;$/;"	f	line:370	class:GLTextureWindow.GLRenderer
stop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgFXEffect.java	/^  public void stop() {$/;"	m	line:89	class:GLCgFXEffect
stop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  public void stop() {$/;"	m	line:248	class:GLCgShader
stop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  public void stop() {$/;"	m	line:104	class:GLModelEffect
stop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  public void stop() {$/;"	m	line:215	class:GLSLShader
stop	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShader.java	/^  abstract public void stop();$/;"	m	line:52	class:GLShader
swap	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  public void swap() {$/;"	m	line:137	class:GLTexturePingPong
t	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float[] s, t, ds, dt;$/;"	f	line:179	class:GLTexturedPoint
target	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public int target;$/;"	f	line:30	class:GLTextureParameters
tex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int tex = 0;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLTexture
texCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public FloatBuffer texCoords;$/;"	f	line:107	class:GLModel
texCoordsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] texCoordsVBO = null;$/;"	f	line:71	class:GLModel
texCoordsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int[] texCoordsVBO;$/;"	f	line:47	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
texHashMap	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected HashMap<String, Integer> texHashMap;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLModelEffect
texInternalFormat	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int texInternalFormat;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLTexture
texNameArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String[] texNameArray;$/;"	f	line:50	class:GLModelEffect
texTarget	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int texTarget;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLTexture
texUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int texUniform;$/;"	f	line:53	class:GLTexture
texUnit	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int texUnit;$/;"	f	line:52	class:GLTexture
texUnitUniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected int[] texUnitUniform;$/;"	f	line:49	class:GLModelEffect
textureIDs	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  int[] textureIDs;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLFramebufferObject
textureTargets	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLFramebufferObject.java	/^  int[] textureTargets;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLFramebufferObject
textures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public GLTexture[] textures;$/;"	f	line:102	class:GLModel
textures	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  protected GLTexture[] textures;$/;"	f	line:33	class:GLTexturePingPong
tint	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void tint(int color) {$/;"	m	line:295	class:GLTextureWindow
tintA	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float tintR, tintG, tintB, tintA;  $/;"	f	line:76	class:GLModel
tintB	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float tintR, tintG, tintB, tintA;  $/;"	f	line:76	class:GLModel
tintG	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float tintR, tintG, tintB, tintA;  $/;"	f	line:76	class:GLModel
tintR	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float tintR, tintG, tintB, tintA;  $/;"	f	line:76	class:GLModel
tmpAttributesArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] tmpAttributesArray;$/;"	f	line:66	class:GLModel
tmpColorArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] tmpColorArray;$/;"	f	line:63	class:GLModel
tmpIndexArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] tmpIndexArray;$/;"	f	line:67	class:GLModel
tmpNormalsArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] tmpNormalsArray;$/;"	f	line:64	class:GLModel
tmpTexCoordsArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] tmpTexCoordsArray;$/;"	f	line:65	class:GLModel
tmpVertArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected float[] tmpVertArray;$/;"	f	line:62	class:GLModel
toString	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public String toString(Tag tag) {$/;"	m	line:166	class:ExampleTaglet
toString	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/resources/code/ExampleTaglet.java	/^    public String toString(Tag[] tags) {$/;"	m	line:176	class:ExampleTaglet
translate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void translate(float tx, float ty) {$/;"	m	line:294	class:GLGraphics
translate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  public void translate(float tx, float ty, float tz) {$/;"	m	line:299	class:GLGraphics
translate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void translate(float tx, float ty) {$/;"	m	line:503	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
translate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void translate(float tx, float ty, float tz) {$/;"	m	line:508	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
type	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected int type;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLShaderVariable
unbind	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected void unbind() {$/;"	m	line:1606	class:GLTexture
unbindDestFBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void unbindDestFBO() {$/;"	m	line:752	class:GLTextureFilter
unbindSrcTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected void unbindSrcTex(GLTexture[] srcTex) {$/;"	m	line:739	class:GLTextureFilter
uniform	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLTextureFilterParameter.java	/^  protected GLSLShaderUniform uniform;$/;"	f	line:29	class:GLSLTextureFilterParameter
updateAllColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void updateAllColors(int color) {$/;"	m	line:2226	class:GLModel
updateAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttribute(int idx, float x) {$/;"	m	line:1375	class:GLModel
updateAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttribute(int idx, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:1379	class:GLModel
updateAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttribute(int idx, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1383	class:GLModel
updateAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttribute(int idx, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:1387	class:GLModel
updateAttribute	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttribute(int idx, float[] values) {$/;"	m	line:1391	class:GLModel
updateAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttributes(int n, ArrayList<float[]> vertAttribsArrayList) {$/;"	m	line:1440	class:GLModel
updateAttributes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateAttributes(int n, float[] attributesArray) {$/;"	m	line:1434	class:GLModel
updateBounds	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected void updateBounds(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:771	class:GLModel
updateBounds	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateBounds() {$/;"	m	line:735	class:GLModel
updateBounds	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateBounds(int indices[], int len) {$/;"	m	line:749	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, float gray) {$/;"	m	line:855	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:888	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:912	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	line:940	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	line:866	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	line:877	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	line:900	class:GLModel
updateColor	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColor(int i, int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	line:926	class:GLModel
updateColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColors(ArrayList<float[]> colArrayList) {$/;"	m	line:1046	class:GLModel
updateColors	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateColors(float[] colArray) {$/;"	m	line:1040	class:GLModel
updateIndices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateIndices(int[] indexArray) {$/;"	m	line:407	class:GLModel
updateIndices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateIndices(int[] indexArray, int len) {$/;"	m	line:418	class:GLModel
updateNormal	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateNormal(int idx, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:1240	class:GLModel
updateNormal	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateNormal(int idx, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:1244	class:GLModel
updateNormal	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateNormal(int idx, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:1248	class:GLModel
updateNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateNormals(ArrayList<PVector> normArrayList) {$/;"	m	line:1288	class:GLModel
updateNormals	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateNormals(float[] normArray) {$/;"	m	line:1282	class:GLModel
updatePixels	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  public void updatePixels() {$/;"	m	line:1164	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
updateTexCoord	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateTexCoord(int idx, float s, float t) {$/;"	m	line:1072	class:GLModel
updateTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateTexCoords(int n, ArrayList<PVector> texCoordsArrayList) {$/;"	m	line:1159	class:GLModel
updateTexCoords	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateTexCoords(int n, float[] texCoordsArray) {$/;"	m	line:1153	class:GLModel
updateTexture	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public void updateTexture() {$/;"	m	line:796	class:GLTexture
updateVertex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateVertex(int idx, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	line:567	class:GLModel
updateVertex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateVertex(int idx, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	line:579	class:GLModel
updateVertex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateVertex(int idx, float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	line:592	class:GLModel
updateVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateVertices(ArrayList<PVector> vertArrayList) {$/;"	m	line:668	class:GLModel
updateVertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public void updateVertices(float[] vertArray) {$/;"	m	line:656	class:GLModel
useOwnFrameRate	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  protected boolean useOwnFrameRate = false;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLTextureWindow
usingMipmaps	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected boolean usingMipmaps;$/;"	f	line:59	class:GLTexture
usingMipmaps	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  public boolean usingMipmaps() {$/;"	m	line:440	class:GLTexture
usingPointSprites	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected boolean usingPointSprites;  $/;"	f	line:87	class:GLModel
usingSrcTexRes	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGrid.java	/^  protected boolean usingSrcTexRes;$/;"	f	line:30	class:GLTextureGrid
valueArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected float[] valueArray;$/;"	f	line:40	class:GLShaderVariable
valueFloat	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected float valueFloat;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLShaderVariable
valueInt	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLShaderVariable.java	/^  protected int valueInt;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLShaderVariable
vboUsage	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int vboUsage;$/;"	f	line:58	class:GLModel
vbosAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean vbosAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:39	class:GLState
vertAttribArray	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected GLModelEffectVertexAttrib[] vertAttribArray;$/;"	f	line:56	class:GLModelEffect
vertAttribHashMap	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected HashMap<String, GLModelEffectVertexAttrib> vertAttribHashMap;$/;"	f	line:55	class:GLModelEffect
vertCoordsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int[] vertCoordsVBO = { 0 };$/;"	f	line:59	class:GLModel
vertCoordsVBO	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int vertCoordsVBO;$/;"	f	line:46	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
vertShadersAvailable	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLState.java	/^  public static boolean vertShadersAvailable = true;$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLState
vertexFN	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModelEffect.java	/^  protected String vertexFN;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLModelEffect
vertexFN	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureFilter.java	/^  protected String vertexFN;$/;"	f	line:71	class:GLTextureFilter
vertexMode	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  protected int vertexMode;$/;"	f	line:57	class:GLModel
vertexProfile	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected int vertexProfile;$/;"	f	line:43	class:GLCgShader
vertexProgram	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected CGprogram vertexProgram;$/;"	f	line:48	class:GLCgShader
vertexShader	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLSLShader.java	/^  protected int vertexShader;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLSLShader
vertexShaderEnabled	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLCgShader.java	/^  protected boolean vertexShaderEnabled;$/;"	f	line:37	class:GLCgShader
vertices	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public FloatBuffer vertices;$/;"	f	line:104	class:GLModel
visible	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected boolean visible;$/;"	f	line:24	class:GLWindow
w	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^    int w, h;$/;"	f	line:2182	class:GLTexture.PixelData
width	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float width;$/;"	f	line:112	class:GLModel
width	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureGridCompiled.java	/^  protected int width, height;$/;"	f	line:38	class:GLTextureGridCompiled
width	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected int width, height;$/;"	f	line:26	class:GLWindow
windowsList	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected ArrayList<GLWindow> windowsList = null;$/;"	f	line:41	class:GLGraphics
wrapModeS	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int wrapModeS;$/;"	f	line:57	class:GLTexture
wrapModeT	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexture.java	/^  protected int wrapModeT;  $/;"	f	line:58	class:GLTexture
wrappingU	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public int wrappingU;$/;"	f	line:34	class:GLTextureParameters
wrappingV	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureParameters.java	/^  public int wrappingV;$/;"	f	line:35	class:GLTextureParameters
writeTex	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturePingPong.java	/^  protected int writeTex;  $/;"	f	line:35	class:GLTexturePingPong
x	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float x, y, dx, dy;$/;"	f	line:178	class:GLTexturedPoint
x0	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected int x0, y0;$/;"	f	line:25	class:GLWindow
xmax	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float xmin, xmax;$/;"	f	line:116	class:GLModel
xmin	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float xmin, xmax;$/;"	f	line:116	class:GLModel
y	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTexturedPoint.java	/^  public float x, y, dx, dy;$/;"	f	line:178	class:GLTexturedPoint
y0	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLWindow.java	/^  protected int x0, y0;$/;"	f	line:25	class:GLWindow
yeah	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLTextureWindow.java	/^  public void yeah() {$/;"	m	line:330	class:GLTextureWindow
ymax	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float ymin, ymax;$/;"	f	line:117	class:GLModel
ymin	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float ymin, ymax;$/;"	f	line:117	class:GLModel
zeroLightGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphics.java	/^  protected float[] zeroLightGL = { 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f };$/;"	f	line:99	class:GLGraphics
zeroLightGL	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLGraphicsOffScreen.java	/^  protected float[] zeroLightGL = { 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f };$/;"	f	line:106	class:GLGraphicsOffScreen
zmax	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float zmin, zmax;  $/;"	f	line:118	class:GLModel
zmin	d:/systems/glgraphics/repository/version-464/src/codeanticode/glgraphics/GLModel.java	/^  public float zmin, zmax;  $/;"	f	line:118	class:GLModel
